boom-boom-boom
what's happening brother hey dudeman
let's crack it's good to be back good to
be back good it's always amazing it's
like it's it's like a little it's it's a
bit of an amusement park almost now with
stuff to see and the gym equipment and
everything I keep thinking I should just
bring my gear over and work out before
the show or after the show but get loose
I don't want to embarrass myself so I'm
not gonna watch watch you're working out
he would change that kind of guy yeah
I've seen him give me side eye he would
give you side but yeah it's all good
everything's everything's good I've been
travelling a lot haven't we just talked
before we started about Idaho haven't
had a chance to get back there but yeah
all good all good
so you're around for a television show
is that what you're doing yeah this is
this is there's several meetings going
on here but we just finished filming a
show reality show for can I say the
network I'm okay they're kind of hinky
on until we get closer to the air day
which is October but it's for the
Discovery Network and it's gonna be it's
gonna be a great show that I did well
you know what that's what I always said
I always thought free publicity is a
good thing but they're very tight on the
marketing protocols and so they want to
make sure they've got it all but no but
I get that right they spend you know a
lot of money on these things and fucking
so freaks yeah and so anyway it's but
it's gonna be a great a great show we
spent the past three or four months
filming it around the country a really
good production team and the stories are
fantastic it's basically looking at I
guess I'm talking about it I'm not
supposed to but we're looking at
military government organisations that
are typically in the shadows right we're
not releasing any sources and methods
right disclosing and classified secrets
but we're talking about elements and
units operational activity events that
before now I've pretty much been in the
shadows and some incredible people
that's one of the best parts about this
thing it's been going out there and
meeting some of these guys that are
doing some of this high speed shit and
it's it's pretty amazing and when when
they do release things like long long
after it I was reading something
I forget what the case was about but it
was something about how the the files
won't be released under the Freedom of
Information Act until 2080 mm-hmm how do
you yeah I know what do they make that
distinct and assassination right and
sometimes they roll it over and it's not
even then right so sometimes they extend
that other times they don't and and so
some information comes to light
periodically and so this does look at
the show be looking at some historic but
a lot of current things that are going
on and where the money goes right what
are we spending our money on when it
comes to this high-speed operations that
the Special Forces and others are
involved in so it'll be it'll be very
good I was I was lucky to be able to
work with again you know some really
great people on the production side but
just also going out there and meeting
some of these cats they're just the the
shit that they do is it's even after
being around a while so I have it just
amazes me well it's got to be constantly
accelerating too right they're
constantly coming up with new and
spectacular things that nobody knows
about ya know they employ them right
exact and sometimes that shit stays on
the Shelf right you know you it was like
the the running joke at the agency at
the CIA was you know they we have a
fantastic S&T group science and
technology group and they're the ones
responsible IQ from from bonds right
they're the ones responsible for
developing all the gear responding to
specific operational requirements how
are we going to do this particular thing
well let's develop a piece of kit that's
going to allow us to do it but the
running joke is always that you know
they'll develop it they'll show it to
you before it operation but then they'll
put it back on the shelf because they
don't want that shit getting out there
right and people finding out that
they've got it so they'll give you like
a 20 year old piece of kit to use
instead and you'll be walking around
with like a phone the size of a brick
knowing that they've got something
high-speed on the shelf well that's what
everybody always thinks like when you
talk to the average Joe on the street
about technology in the government there
was like dude the stuff they have they
probably don't tell us about how much of
that is real yeah it's it's pretty real
have you seen some stuff that made you
go holy shit
yeah you can do that yes really yeah and
how much can you tell us well you know
what one thing that they're doing and
and there's a this is actually something
I wanted to talk about
today because it's gonna affect
everybody it's not just something that
it's gonna affect people in the military
or else in the intelligence community
but one of the things that they've been
working on is imagine you've got it
you got a rock up on it on a target and
your but your before you do that before
you you get the customers on site and
you're gonna you know hopefully obtain
some high-value targets there at that
location before you do you gotta you
talking like euphemisms oh I'm sorry to
another dimension but sometimes you know
okay actually I was gonna say sometimes
you want to actually capture them and
get their intelligence we've gone past
that right because the years where we
were getting our ass kicked for holding
on to people in detention facilities you
know what that did that that pretty much
convinced everybody that was involved in
this to just just whack them right
because then you don't have to deal with
the aftermath you don't have to worry
about are you gonna get in trouble for
interrogating somebody right exactly so
so that actually increased lethality of
operations you started painting targets
and just blowing the shit out of there
rather than trying to grab the target
and get their Intel that's a problem
because then the pipeline dries up for
the Intel but anyway so imagine you got
this you got this site the first thing
you got do is determine if your targets
there right and it's not like that you
know the Tom Clancy movies where you
know you're looking through walls and
all this shit it's you know that that
technology night-vision devices and and
and that ability and low-light
conditions to to monitor and to identify
specific individuals has always been a
problem they've made great strides on it
to the point now where in no light
conditions right with the with the right
stack database with the right
information and that database meaning
the right amount of information about
individuals right you just constantly
populating this database with new faces
or with new photographs of individuals
that you're going after with enough for
that to sift through they're getting to
the point now with no like conditions
that they can identify positively the
targets in that room or the targets in
that facility or in that building
whatever it might be and that's pretty
incredible
I rather they can identify people by
their heart rate mm-hmm with well not
just their heart right but I mean other
other bio data right I mean other but
they
and literally with video somehow or
another they can zoom in on you with
some scanner and recognize that this is
a particular individual because their
heart rate yeah this is there was an
article that was written about it and I
know that there's a company do you know
what hex is HECS it's some company
that's been used pretty extensively by
scuba diving community and now by the
hunting community as well because it
blocks the electrical signal hecs it
blocks the electrical signal that your
body gives off okay yeah that makes
sense
and I think they're doing work with the
military as well to develop suits that
will somehow another stop someone from
being able to recognize your particular
heart rate right they're just a lot of
work on what they call this or the
universe there's older depending on is
the leis that I got identified people
from a distance yeah it comes easier it
helps if you have other data points
right if you but this is all part of it
to some degree what you know they refer
to as a universal soldier right the the
the fighter of tomorrow and on Claude
Van Damme yeah but they got shit that's
right yeah
who doesn't remember Jean although he's
all in one room he's doing like chip
commercials now I'm sure you haven't
seen him in days or whatever dude seven
is true oh the splits yeah yeah I don't
know when that becomes useful though
really the splits I mean I've never
actually you know felt with that was
something I needed to accomplish in any
given moment from an operation
Ronnie movies where you have to do this
man
but so the Universal Soldier thing where
you you you're you know its exoskeleton
it's a soft suit it's all that data that
you can acquire for that warfighter how
do you create the perfect environment on
that individual as he's moving through
an environment to you know be a more
efficient effective lethal fighter and
you know things like that identifying
target whether it's with a laser whether
it's with low light or no light
conditions where you can you as you're
rocking up on the target you can do that
all these things you know the ability to
to carry more gear
humph it another extra you know ten
kilometers whatever it might be it's
it's pretty incredible what they're
doing and it's it's a joint it's not
just the military they're working with
you know companies like hax or they're
working with with the commercial sector
and academics too but anyway and I
disappear down a rabbit hole the these
like the the idea of like this Universal
Soldier thing if you've been paying
attention to this Elon Musk neural link
thing that he's coming out with you know
they're gonna somehow or another insert
fibers into your brain and then have a
Bluetooth enabled device that you wear
that it's gonna allow you to somehow or
another interface with data at a much
higher bandwidth I don't know what any
of those words mean I just said but that
was good though it was good it sounded
like you understood it that's my trick
and repeat words yeah I you know there
comes up warrant if you're talking about
I mean well that's that's going into a
different area that's going into
civilian applications and probably the
military application would be great for
that too everyone could synchronize data
you could give them navigation in their
head like if there's some sort of
augmented reality we could literally see
the targets in front of you like they if
you had a map say like that if the
Pentagon really does have this laser
beam they could identify specific
individuals and you have a map of a
building that's in your head and they
can identify the very location absolute
perfect location of each individual
person in that room and you could see
that as you're running into this
building you're seeing like a 3d grid in
front of you and I know I mean you could
shoot them right through a fucking wall
right and there's but there does become
a problem then that becomes a problem of
information overload and when you get
into that situation right everything
starts to close down a little bit right
and and or and so you've got to start
pushing some of that away and and now
what you end up doing is you get the
off-site you know command center
relaying some of that information as
needed but that guy that's about to
breach that door you know he doesn't
want a lot of data points anymore now
having said that knowing where you know
knowing where the hostiles are the other
side of that door that is key
information that's not rocket science
but so there's a lot that's going on
there's also the ability to monitor
of the individual you know soldiers are
out there through the the gear that they
would then be wearing it's it's an it's
an incredible effort that has been going
on and so they answer your point a long
rambling answer yeah I've seen some
things that are pretty amazing
you can't talk about though no no some
of this some of this shit actually we'll
get into with the new show that's coming
up sometime in fall I don't have a
release date and again I'm prescribed
from talking about so I won't do that
because so some I pay attention some of
the things that you saw you'll be able
to talk about yes so how does the
government do that they just decide well
listen it's not a bad thing if you tell
people about this sometimes raised yeah
I mean well I think this there's an
element of some of it's not what you
would refer to as classified it's just
not readily available public information
and it's not out there in the domain
because people aren't aware of it are
searching for it some of it does I think
you're right some of it is look the
military wants to say at times look what
we're able to do we're doing this and
oftentimes it's because it's in a sort
of a private public cooperation and and
so that encourages other companies with
innovative technologies to step forward
and get involved in some of this and I
guess that opens up all sorts of other
you know some people are out there
saying well they shouldn't be working
with the military well you know well
that's a question that I had the this is
brings me to a point that I think is
kind of important where people always
talk about the military budget and how
high the military budget is and you know
we need to take some of that money and
put it in other places and you know
maybe some of that military money is not
being used to the best for the best good
of the human race or maybe maybe some of
it but in order to be able to develop
stuff that keeps people safer in order
to develop all the stuff that you're
talking about that could potentially
save the lives of soldiers and and even
innocent civilians because you're gonna
be able to target the correct people all
this stuff seems pretty critical right
right and it's also there's a you know
there's an upside if you want to get you
know moralistic about the whole thing to
developing advanced technology so you
can be more surgical right
the drone capability as an example gives
you a
much better understanding of your target
you can avoid the collateral damage you
know the deaths of civilians on-site
through the use of proper technology and
that creates that environment and so
it's a good thing and again
I mean look let CIA their S&T group over
the years the shit that they've
developed for operational purposes that
then made its way into the commercial
sector and planted fitted people what
battery technology anybody walking
around with a pacemaker or a
defibrillator
you know in part can thank the the
agency because what were they doing they
were they were working they continue to
work on battery technology shrinking
those batteries as a power source
what Ischl e operational purposes so you
could you know they put a transmitter
out some site you know and and you know
so what are you doing you're
eavesdropping on a hostile target or you
know gathering intelligence but then
that that effort all that work that was
done then that later on benefits the
general public a drone technology same
thing right I mean the agency was front
and center on developing drone
capability now what are you doing you're
doing that - you know for environmental
concerns you know for mining it's so
it's I'm a little concerned about drone
technology my old house that I used to
live at this motherfucker that lived
down the street from me to hover a drone
over my house and film he's like like I
know he's like looking at me like what
do you do me swimming you fucking weirdo
did you ever go over and talk to him no
no should have some drone over his house
yeah I was thinking of shooting it down
but it's hard to aim up you know you can
nowadays bow and arrow yeah you have a
good bow like see the way the way you
calculate accuracy with archery is you
you have a range finder and that range
finder has a built-in adjustments for
angle this angle compensation for up or
for down but I don't know if it has it
for straight up in the air like because
you got to think the way you you're
judging how much an arrow is gonna drop
over the course of the flight
right right same as a bonus - yeah yeah
yeah right yeah but with a bullet
obviously it's this less compensation
because it's pretty much faster but
there's a video that's hilarious of this
guy
I got tired of this block party in
Brazil so he loaded up a drone filled
with fireworks and he hovered it over
the block party and started launching
bottle rockets down on these guys that
are making too much noise oh that's
excellent though I mean if you think but
that sounds like something one of my
boys would do and and I'm sure they'll
be listening to us at some point so that
I'm did they they're going to do this
yeah scooter Sluggo and Mugsy butts when
you name Sluggo or Mugsy or scooter
guaranteed they're gonna do they're
gonna do something like that yeah yeah
dude it was that when your kid I didn't
know it didn't occur to me it didn't
occur to me although I wanted to get Moo
gene or something I want to give gene I
wanted to give him flat tops right every
summer I wanna have the same discussion
with with with my wife who's the world's
greatest person I wanted to give them
flat tops and she always says look with
names like scooter slugger Mugsy you
give him a flat top as well then that's
it exactly they're going somewhere but
it's you know the best way to take down
a drone is is just blanket it jam it and
drop it up
well you it's like you know it's like
the old days of jamming a radio signal
basically right well you're interrupting
your blanketing and you're interrupting
the the data communication from the
controller right through the drone and
like the drone that was taken down in
the Iranian drone that we took down the
other you see USS boxer was involved in
that out there in the the Strait that's
how they do it they don't fire missile
at it anymore you know it's just it's
much more effective something at it that
disrupts the signal right yeah it's just
it's essentially again not
oversimplified just jamming but is that
jamming technology available to
civilians to really really smart
civilians I guess it could it could be
yeah really smart civilians would
probably be able to figure that stuff
out
Jamin yeah anybody let's work on that so
yes technology scooters just out at West
Point he wants to go to West Point when
he's when he's old enough and so he went
out there for lacrosse program and I had
forgotten have you been to West Point
no you got you gotta go it's um it's I
know it's a ways away from here it's not
a day trip but it's
this it's a beautiful campus and I'd
forgot about that obviously it's got it
is that what Jodie Foster wills in
Silence of the Lambs was she in West
Point no no it didn't sound right I
don't think so
the drone kill gun Wow
that's Kramer three lightweight compact
drone countermeasure drone gun 3000
Jamie ordered me one of those
immediately Amazon please yeah that was
taken that would have taken you know
with care of this guy yeah but the
problem is it's not as satisfying as a
bow and arrow yes that's a good point
that's a good point so one of the things
I want I don't know how it's not a
smooth segue but we were talking a bit
about technology technology is
particularly the 2020 election coming up
is this idea of deep fakes yes fantastic
stuff and the technology to create this
nowadays to create a deep fake of which
essentially just means you're doctoring
a photo or video and making it do what
you want it to do to try to convince
people of whatever it is technology is
advancing and it's stunning what's going
on Kyle Dunnigan is Kyle Dunnigan I
should know I shouldn't hilarious
stand-up comedian but he shines in doing
deep fakes and he's working with this
other guy I think the guys called dr
fakin Stein for the faking yeah yeah
yeah one of those guys but go to go to
his Instagram and see the new one that
he did with Elon Musk he was doing him
really kind of crudely with like face
with you know face swap or face yeah
it's like a little filter that you get
from snapchat or something that or
Instagram but now he's moved from that
to doing this really high-end stuff go
to the Elan last one look at this play
this after faking stand at this yeah
okay labs which is pretty cool it's
pretty cool but but but we had a little
snafu and it looks like time is slowing
down and will eventually start going
backwards at increasing rate so pretty
soon you will become a baby again and be
sucked back into your mother's vagina
okay now pause now go to another Kyle
Dunnigan video so he can tell what Kyle
really looks like that's him to the
right of that this is what he really
looks like which is fucking madness yeah
the guy's hilarious by the way he's
awesome guy too and he's got a great
Instagram page but his Instagram page is
mostly him like the Goldblum so the
Goldblum was click on that because
that's a normal one this is one he did
with the filters without doctor fake it
Stein look at that see how it's kind of
creepy yeah yeah yeah but play that so
Ellen DeGeneres seems friendly blackton
but but yeah don't get too close to her
she'll bite your fuckin head off
just ask the Raptor Liotta ray Liotta's
always smokin yeah although he gave it
up put it in the videos he's always
gonna miss look it's it's bad enough
that it's extra hilarious cuz it's bad
but the new one that he did with Elon
Musk is not bad it's it's not bad like
Caitlyn Jenner one go to that Caitlyn
Jenner one on the far right that's
fucking genius click on this one I have
something serious to tell you when you
had your surgery years ago I buried your
old face in a pet cemetery by accident
and I'm sorry to say it's back yeah
[Laughter]
those are my favorites he has the
Kardashians the only that's the only way
they talked they just say yum yum and
then he knows what they're saying sort
of like Groot in guardians of the galaxy
I miss these things I well I'm watching
the wrong shit on the internet well
you're a former CIA guy I should know
that you're an important thing I have
time for college oh yeah well but this
but what you just shown I mean people
look at that and I go okay and but that
you're right the Elon Musk thing is
getting closer to creepy that's a real
guy but you could have someone like that
say give me a million dollars or I'll
blow your house up or just come on
yeah and imagine if he gave you know
some off-the-cuff
financial data on on Tesla know talked
about as if he just come out of a
shareholder call and now he was
releasing some information I mean think
about what that means to the all of a
sudden the stock price of a company if
that happens but the quality is is so
far beyond even that now that can be
done by and we're talking mostly state
actors like like Russia and so the the
problem we're facing now is it's not
just everybody's kind of kind of aware
of you know the the sort of the tweeter
verse or whatever Twitter and the trolls
that exist on there and the bots and all
of that but it's the video the ability
to do the video they released one one
was done not too long ago with Nancy
Pelosi
and it all it did was slowed down her
speech just slightly but just enough to
make it sound as if she was slurring her
words maybe she'd had a couple of drinks
and that thing was blasted all over
social media and people to this day
still think and they still talk about it
like you know she's kind of losing it a
little bit and right and that like her
more by the way if she did that yeah
just make a little more sense
get a little lighten up late yeah we're
a hundred million dollars and no one
knows why you should have be half their
partying I'm sure it was all oh so legit
yeah she earned that hundred million
dollars mmm for sure there's definitely
no shenanigans no no shenanigans no
there's nothing like that happening up
on Capitol Hill but it's so this this is
a it's something that people should
watch it's something that people should
you know read up on a little bit look at
it because the technology is advancing
so quickly that the effort to combat it
the effort to detect it and there's some
companies out there and and certainly
the the government is working to do that
DARPA and some others are working but
the effort to try to identify doctored
videos right particularly when you're
talking about elections campaigns is is
it's going to be an increasing problem
that we're not really discussing that
much in Congress is paying a little bit
of attention to it right now but it's
it's really problematic and there's
there's things that that you used to be
able to look for right lighting and and
and noise and just sort of the movements
of the face what they call micro
heartbeats and and and all the little
things
is the subject in the video blinking for
instance when you doctor it sometimes it
the the blinking wouldn't be there now
was a tell but the the people involved
in all of this in creating these deep
fakes are working you know at such a
pace that they're getting ahead of that
so it's I mean it's fascinating they're
coming up with ways to try to counter it
but I guess the the biggest point is it
sounds like a public service
announcement as people need to be aware
of it and they need to be smart about
course they won't be everybody goes to
the internet and they lose their minds
and they believe whatever it is that
they read that agrees with their opinion
sure and there's no bothering of
checking you know whether anything is
actually legit anymore or not but if
that would be my one piece of advice
going into 2020 starting now pay
attention don't believe anything you see
until you prove it and that's part of
the problem too right see now if we stop
believing anything we see right but if I
was a skeptical person right if I was a
conspiracy minded individual I'd say but
you're not this guy who used to work for
the CIA is telling us not to believe the
news wait I see what you're saying what
I'm saying is setting us up okay well
it's time for me to go yeah normal
skeptical person want a thing like why
is he I guess I guess I'm saying I'm
saying it wrong because you're right I
don't mean to say I don't mean to imply
I guess what I'm saying is trust but
verify
right when when when you're looking at a
video of a candidate or you're looking
at anything real shit on the internet
now just be aware of the capabilities
maybe that's a better way of putting all
of this because you're right you don't
want that part of the problem and one of
the things that Russia does and and
others who were involved in this whole
propaganda effort one of the things they
do want to do is undermine our
confidence obviously in media so you
know by me saying don't believe what you
see I'm kind of feeding into that so
you're right I shouldn't I shouldn't go
that route be aware of what the
capabilities are pay attention everybody
should just be a little bit smarter
about what they're doing that's all I'm
saying so and also what we're looking at
now is so much more powerful than what
we had three or four years ago three or
four years ago this technology was not
available for the consumer but now it is
well there was I mean you think about it
if you
not to get too deep but if you think
about the photography how long is
photography been around there have been
efforts to manipulate photography right
so so altering photographs has been
around almost as long as the the medium
itself go to Photoshop that kind of put
it all in the hands of the consumer you
know what you were talking about Face
Swap the new face app to age people yeah
all these things make it easier for
whoever's got a smartphone to try to do
this but what you really and that's a
problem as well but one of the things
that you really have to worry about is
again sort of the state actors like a
Russia I mean Russia was behind the
faces swamp thing well yeah and that's a
good thing right
there are Russian companies that are
pushing this technology out there and
what are they doing you know you every
time you do that it's recording data
about you well not only that you have to
give your name and your email right to
get that application and then they have
a photo of your face that correlates
with your name and your email so what
they've done is they've gathered up more
than 150 million emails and faces and
they have data on people yeah that is
that's pretty powerful stuff like if you
think about what Facebook is done right
what Facebook has made billions and
billions of dollars by essentially
mining data right that's what they're
about Google is the same thing they're
mining data well Russia managed to do
that with a hundred and fifty million
people in a very very short amount of
time just by making something cute oh
let's see what it looked like what I'm a
hundred right now what do you think
they're doing with that data they're
slicing and dicing this trying to
understand the American electorate oh
yeah they're gonna they're not gonna
stop doing what they did and they've
been doing this forever we talked about
this before they've been doing this
since 1940s right busy trying to keep
the u.s. out of World War two before
they broke up with the Nazis it was a it
was a serious breakup but when they were
still aligned they were busy paying off
journalists and buying trade unions and
all the rest of it so they're never
gonna stop what they do because it's
worked for them and it's just kind of in
their DNA why but it's not also what the
United States does as well there's got
to be some sort of counterintelligence
stuff that we do that is sort of shading
well
yeah yeah justify appreciate how about
that
I like that okay that's a good term yeah
of course there is and people always do
that people you know what I'm talking
about if I'm giving a talk about Chinese
government's constant theft of
intellectual property somebody
inevitably will come up afterwards and
they will kind of roll their eyes and go
well we do it it's not like it's just
them the u.s. is guilty of it too well
you damn well better hope we are right
because if we backed off and said you
know what just you know for the sake of
being of righteous individual we're not
going to do any of this shit you you
would have to be with willfully ignorant
and naive or just fucking stupid to
think that Russia China these other
actors out there are gonna stop also
right we're all gonna hold hands and
unicorns get them flying out of our ass
it's not gonna happen so yeah I mean I
guess the answer to that is always the
same which is yeah you better hope we do
it and we better hope we do it well yeah
but people are nervous about that right
like this is my point about the military
budget like if you just caught the
military entirely well we're are gonna
start speaking Chinese because some
shits gonna go down like you can't just
cut the military budget you just you
can't I mean just cut it out one no no
military at all we're gonna focus on
ourselves yeah yeah fucking luck with
that that doesn't work so the question
is like how much money should you spend
on the military how much money should
you spend on counterintelligence how
much money should you spend on
propaganda I mean there should be some
money spent on propaganda overseas right
right because we're trying to manipulate
them the way they're trying to
manipulate us the idea though is that
where America we're nice we're the good
guys we're doing it the right way
supposedly yeah well there is that right
there is that and there's and you know
what honestly I'll be honest with you i
I've always you know like maybe I'm
naive or whatever but that was always my
thought process and it's you know when
we're out there in the operational world
and you think you know what ok she's
doing this but we're doing it for the
right reason and people laugh at that or
whatever but you know this is my phone
so you go look at that see that wave
that's how I when I open up my phone the
flag waves at me yeah I got a flag
behind me I'm a half-percent pro-america
I got my phone we like this you know
what I got I get I got nothing i got
nothing i got idea phone - that's some
sort of like hack free you
phone from the SDS actually a wind-up
phone it's a surprise over phone yeah I
do have a flip for government yeah and
you know I've got a I've got a
collection of phones going all the way
back to that the cinderblock phone
remember that one update you guys
fantastic Saudi Arabian numbers on
letters I assumed everybody does oh boy
yeah that it yeah I think this is you
phones that like Erlich hack-proof I
know you this phone so you can't use
well yeah you certainly know that you
know from an operational perspective you
know phones are not a good idea now the
problem is they're ubiquitous and
everybody uses them and it's you know
it's made life very easy
well it's also made life a little bit
less secure obviously I know a guy that
is a let's just say done some very
unusual journalism and he still has a
phone that you could take the batteries
out yes he said there's some places
where you go well they will not let you
in the room if you have a phone and so
the the workaround is he has an older
samsung phone where he could pop the
back off and remove the battery hmm
that's the only way yeah I mean that's
you know I'd I would still argue there's
there's workarounds on that one so yeah
but yeah when you go into a government
facility you know they don't ask if you
know you got to leave your phones
outside yeah yeah right so you don't you
don't carry your phones and you know
unless you're what was her name it was
doing that walking into oh the fucking
chick from The Apprentice
yeah that's tomorrow so that's hilarious
is that by the way I know her I did fear
factor with her yeah okay she was on
fear fact she told me I was drunk cuz I
was making fun of her it's like you're
drunk like gamma
I'm just making fun of you yeah why
wouldn't you but she's a she's a unusual
person the fact that she thought it was
okay to do what is a basically
treasonous she was recording these
conversations inside the White House and
then releasing them to the press how is
she not in jail how does that work yeah
I'm not quite sure I didn't quite
understand how you how you get around
that right because you've got
obligations you signed pay
work you do all these things that say
I'm gonna do the right thing and if you
run foul of that then you're supposed to
suffer the consequences and occasionally
it seems like people aren't I don't know
what I think what I think she saw some
shit and they pulled her aside and they
said listen Amuro so I know that you're
some sort of a social climber or
whatever you're trying to do here but
listen what you did will literally get
you locked in jail for the rest of your
life so how about this how about you
just shut your piehole
and we'll just let this lock yeah I
don't know that she's I don't think
anybody would I mean from intelligence
perspective she'd be one of the last
people you would trust to actually keep
her mouth shut
already period of time so yeah it's it
that's that's a tough one but that was
that's it that's also part of the the
the issue of leaks as an example right I
mean it's the issue of choices that you
make for your cabinet as well right well
that's true yeah it's good that the
close circle around you and that's you
know again you can argue I mean we I
don't want to get into a political
discussion Trump is an unusual character
and you know they certainly they tell
you I know Wow
well that's gonna be there that'll be
headlines how about that fella that's
from England that looks like the boys
yeah
I was just there last week when when he
went over to Buckingham Palace and you
know was asked by the Queen to form the
new government he accepted and so you
know he's he's an interesting character
he went to Eton he went to Oxford he's
he's proven himself to be extremely
adept at getting getting elected and
most importantly he looks like Trump's
baby brother yeah yeah you know what I
said he's fucked up like Trump's dad
went over to England and bang some
waitress and bam next thing you know
look at the two of them together get the
fuck out of here this is my this I got
everybody might sent me this one it's a
South Park one
it's him with a bike helmet on that's
the best side better oh yeah I mean
literally looks like a young Trump
cousin or a brother or something but
he's promised you know he's promised
they're they're out as far as brexit
goes by you know Halloween by 31 October
they're done and so the
with the whole European Union yeah well
that's what that's what they're saying
and basically now that what they're
concerned about of course is that it's a
hard hard exit right no deal but he's
saying doesn't matter if that's the case
then that's what we've got to do and
there's a lot of people it's it's it's
interesting the dynamic is a little bit
like here in the u.s. right if you're in
the Northeast Corridor in Washington New
York whatever Boston or you're out here
on the west coast and you you you tend
to view the world differently than
everything else the rest of the mass of
the country right which is why people
lost their minds and they thought you
know how could Trump possibly get
elected mm-hmm the UK is a little bit
like that that brexit vote came around
and everybody in London was convinced
that were you know it's giving ninety
five percent you know we're not leaving
and so when it came time and they
devoted to leave in 2001 it was 16 the
people in London lost their minds they
couldn't believe it and they still to
this day I think everybody else is just
an idiot right so there's there's a
similarities there which is I think why
in part Trump Mele feels sort of that
this kinship with Boris Johnson hmm
but yeah so he's Boris Johnson has said
that's it we're out of here you know
maybe we can get a deal if we can't
doesn't matter we're still leaving and
it'll be interesting to see what happens
but you know he's not he's not unpopular
what's the argument for them leaving
what's the pro brexit argument do you
really want to have your country your
sovereign nation run by a bunch of
faceless technocrats living in Brussels
who have really zero interest in your
sovereign nation right that's at the
heart of it it's not an economic
decision people always make that that
problem with brexit they always say well
from an economic perspective this is not
a good thing well the deal at heart
isn't an economic concern it's it's the
issue of sovereignty it's the issue of
being run again by Brussels and and and
sort of the morass of of regulations
that they've imposed the inability for
the UK to make their own decisions about
trade and so there's a you know there's
a good argument in that regard is it
going to be a financial problem for them
it's not going to be a disaster like
some people you know throw out there and
say oh my god this is going to you know
the UK is going down the toilet fast
that won't happen but it'll be there'll
be an upheaval if they if they you know
leave without a deal but they'll adjust
cuz everybody you know people want to do
deals right they want to do trade it's
not like Germany and in France which are
the only two partners in the EU that
really matter from you know how dare you
yeah I know I can't believe I just so
what's the what's the staying in the
European Union argument show everybody
not racist yeah global globalism you
know it's we're all working together and
isn't this a wonderful thing and look at
you know all the benefits of it free
movement and you know that free movement
you know didn't really work that well
from from France and Germany's
perspective you know they don't like to
talk about that anymore
Fryman is basically what we enjoy in the
United States though isn't it I mean if
you look at the United States and
relative size in comparison to Europe
we're basically commensurate right yeah
in terms of the contiguous United States
exhibit yeah yeah and we all speak the
same language but I'm talking about I'm
talking about immigration policies I'm
not talking about within the EU no no I
understand but I mean even in
immigration right like the size of these
countries in comparison to the size of
states like Texas is basically bigger
than a lot of fucking right European
nations right yeah yeah it's it is that
argument sort of the immigration
argument much like some of the other
arguments comes down from the UK's
perspective on don't tell us what to do
right and you know maybe there's still
an element of look we you know we were
an empire that controlled most of the
planet for a while you know we'd like to
you know have a little bit more say in
what we're doing so there's an
independent streak the problem is from a
use perspective is if they do leave and
it's not a disaster then other countries
are gonna line up right and and Italy
maybe would be the next one so it'll be
interesting to see what happens but yeah
Bojo as they call them is an interesting
cat not unlike our president well it's
in this country we don't pay attention
to other countries so we see that we see
that guy like who's that guy this new
guy where do you come from like is this
real it's like a new character on a show
that you don't watch right right you
know what season did he come in
better call Saul season four like who
the fuck is that guy oh that's the new
bad guy didn't watch have been watching
I just finished watching I do that I
said
new shows I end up watching shows that I
really liked and I've watched before and
it's been a while so every what's the
first season of Breaking Bad again that
was yeah and then just that first season
if that's all people watching they
haven't seen it before it's so good yeah
but yeah and then I just I just binge
watch the first season of The Sopranos
again that's a great show that was the
first show that really in my mind it
created the first real antihero that
everybody actually appreciated on
television yeah everybody loved Tony
Soprano he's a fucking murderer
constantly cheated on his wife strangled
his best friend he's like I'd like him
yeah he's he's an interesting cat yeah
well it was that dynamic with his mother
right and that was that's what the hook
was and then certainly that first season
was just that that was fascinating the
people and still you know still is
speaking of deep fakes remember when
they tried to bring the mom back after
she died no he liked the shitty CGI yeah
that's that's what shows you like the
2005 CGI was goddamn terrible yeah well
if you think about when Photoshop
Photoshop was out in what the early 90s
I guess ladies early 90s you think about
where we've come since then not again
not to go back into the sort of the this
whole thing with deep fakes but it is
when people talk about Russia collusion
and they talk about we kind of lost our
way right and you know everybody's kind
of guilty of it whether it's Muller and
his investigative team or whether it's
Congress or whether it's just the
general public we all kind of lost away
over the past couple of years
imagining somehow that the big story
here was Trump's collusion right well
that was a political dodge right that
was a shell game that was being played
on us it was the big story is what did
Russia specifically do right what
exactly did they do how did they do it
how successful were they show us some
case studies of specific examples that's
what an investigative team should have
been doing for two years and then
deliver that information and keep
throwing it out at the public and keep
talking to the public about it I
guarantee you the the the GRU and and
and others the FSU at the in the Intel
services in the in Russia they're happy
that we didn't do that right because
again they've been in
dancing they've been improving their
their capabilities they're gonna do it
again so I guess that's why I keep
beating on this is that I don't think we
really focused our attention where we
need it to because we all get lost in
this political bullshit and wife is yeah
I feel like this is the most easily
manipulated we've ever been as a as a
culture like I think it's so easy to
spin these narratives and to get people
upset about anything right and there I
think I feel like a lot of these are
test cases like they're trying to see
like what happens when we spin up this
story how how outraged do they get at
that story yeah well look at and look at
this the issue of racism look at look at
I mean that that thing gets thrown out
there now to the point words it's you
know yeah I hate to say it but it's
almost losing its its meaning in a sense
right they just keep hammering away any
anybody they disagree with and I'm
talking about the the hard left
progressives you're a racist right it's
not possible you could possibly disagree
on policy like that whatever that's a
squad you know AOC and and her compadres
I don't give a shit about you know where
they're from I care about the fact that
their policies from my perspective other
people aren't sure love them you know I
screwed up and what screwed up about
their policies well I'm not a Democratic
Socialist right so I I have a problem
with everything from you look at the the
green new deal right and this idea that
we're gonna roll this out and fuck the
economic impact we know or I I don't not
about the economic impact I think what
they're doing is they're just they're
playing to a base and they're doing it
successfully and people hear about it
everybody wants to be righteous
everybody wants to think sure if I got
care about the environment yeah let's
get rid of emissions that'll be a great
idea and whether it's that or open
borders and the idea that somehow or you
know do I think we're running
concentration camps down south no I
don't think that's fucked up that we
would that's the terminology that we
would have right for detainment for
detainment centers and you know what you
want to do what you want to make it
better well great let's let's actually
do what your job is let's make some
changes the to the to the immigration
rules and to
let's put some more money down there and
make conditions a little bit better
there's things that we could in terms of
concrete steps but we don't we don't
seem to want to do that we seem to want
to just throw shit around at each other
and and III but the open border saying
is is is is is worrisome there's a guy
named John Norris it was just on my
friend Stephen Ellen's podcast it's
called the mediator podcast and he's a
warden he's a game warden and one of the
things that they had to deal with
somewhere along the line was they had to
become enforcers for illegal drug drug
drug marijuana growing these
establishments in public lands in
national parks so these guys that were
supposed to be just catching people with
too many trout on their stringer are now
being forced to stop illegal grow ops
and it's all cartel members and what
he's saying is that eighty to ninety
percent of all of the marijuana that
gets sold illegally in this country in
the Midwest and all these different
places where it's illegal is coming out
of these grow-ops
and a lot of it is tainted with
dangerous pesticides because these guys
are trying to they're actually using
poisons to keep animals from eating the
marijuana so these kids that are but
don't have the fuck is buying it they're
buying this pot from these illegal
places no one's testing this stuff you
don't know what the fuck you're getting
in you very well could be smoking pot
that's poisoning you yeah this a guy
that I know a really good guys is a huge
landowner here in California to the
point where you can spend all day on an
ATV and still not you know get to the
end of one of his plots of land and if
you call it a plot of land and anyway
he's had those incidents right he's had
where they it's such a massive piece of
property that a small element from a
cartel will set up a gross spot there
and you know they'll camouflage it it's
very well done yeah they bring in the
piping for the water because it would
pot uses a huge amount of water this guy
was talking about water that they
brought in they had a pipe that went for
three miles yeah he's gonna carry it on
their back yeah that's what that's what
these guys do and then and then
eventually you know you got to go in
there and
busted up but it's people that stumble
across it that you know it's just out
there doing their regular ranching job
and and it's it's it is fascinating I
look I I feel like we should take those
guys and reprogram them you get a guy
who's willing to carry a hundred pounds
of piping on his back and walk eight
miles into the backwoods
that's a fucking industrious individual
you got a you got a lure him away from
the cartel with a better deal yeah that
guy worked for a competing corporation
he'd be like look I like the way you do
business right give a job on the ranch
on this guy and he's working for Verizon
they'd be like hey come on the time
three miles of hose on his back that's
work that's that's what we call world
yeah yeah so use that you use your power
for good not evil that's what I tell my
boys it's hard though because evils fun
I think it's way in the short term it
could be more lucrative yeah from their
perspective there is that and the record
all right so maybe we're not talking
about someone you're gonna hire as a
landscaper they're your home but but
your point is open is you're not a good
I open borders not a good idea a lot of
bad people that are getting in already
and it's not it's not a stretch this is
not if anybody imagines this to be a
stretcher or it's gonna take offense at
this every nation maintains borders
every nation maintains some element of
immigration controls and and borders
protection the idea that we shouldn't
have that we should somehow feel
exceptionally bad about it is I don't
quite understand that mentality we
should feel bad when we see someone
who's just a poor mother who's trying to
come over to America to get a better job
because she's stuck in Guatemala and it
sucks over there and there's no
opportunity whatsoever for her to excel
right that's a different animal than
someone who is a member of some fucking
terrible cartel gang that comes over the
question is how do we differentiate and
how do we make it so that that woman
who's a mom can come over here right how
do we make it so it's legal that's the
real questions well that's when I wish
that but that's not what they're
addressing right you know how many
decades now have we you know heard about
immigration controls an immigration
process and regulations and policy and
then nothing ever gets done and so it
may
and again I think one of the things
that's interesting about Trump is as
strange as as it is the environment I
mean maybe the fact that he is
disruptive and sometimes doesn't seem to
give a shit maybe that's a good thing
cuz it gets us talking and gets us
talking in areas that we haven't before
and in ways that we haven't before so
maybe that results in something maybe
like the Chinese the public's just gonna
wait for him to go and then it will get
back to business as usual that may have
even business as usual the concern is
like if how do you differentiate between
someone who's coming in illegally
because they want a better life versus
because they're literally going to
commit murder and sell fentanyl and deal
you know right incredible harm to
whatever community they wind up in and
they're a member of ms-13 and they're
gonna there's both things that are going
on at the same time and you're a
heartless person if you don't want that
lady with a child from Guatemala to come
over here and do better and she's
probably gonna work as hard if not
harder than any good old-fashioned
red-blooded American that's over here
trying to make their way through this
world and why should we be able to have
this opportunity when they can't yeah
one of the beautiful things about
America right it's like if you a poor
person and you live in Baltimore you can
get your shit together and get out and
you can move to maybe Silicon Valley or
you can move somewhere where there's
more prosperity there's more opportunity
and you can get are there poor people in
Baltimore I heard there are okay I heard
there's um
pay attention some sort of uh there's a
word what is the word he used
infestation infestation of rats
infestation yeah you can't use
infestation when you're talking about
certain neighborhoods people get mad
even though he said infested with crime
and rats you still you're racist doesn't
matter the key here is and it's a
democratic talking point right I mean
this is a this is a strategy and that's
fine both parties use different
strategies you know but the the Dems
have obviously decided in this period of
time because it's so intense there was
clearly discussions within wherever the
the DNC or elsewhere that this is our
policy we are going to push this and
we're just you just keep hammering that
word racist racist racist no matter what
and and it's gonna stick and it and it
does yes because you just you you get
hit by that hammer and you kind of
you're staring into the light you don't
know how
response sure right so and you think oh
my god I'm not a racist but then you
know you know you're like senator you're
still beating your wife and so it's one
of those things you can't you can't
answer but I think it's bullshit because
it's like calling everybody a Nazi it's
you know it loses its its its importance
in its in its meaning and and you know
anyway it's it's a it's a strange
strange time but I think you can do both
you can you can take care of that that
woman with the kyoto kids and and you
can also you know look at the issue of
border security right and enhance your
ability to understand who's coming
across the border right it cost money in
it and it requires effort but you can do
you can do both I don't I think you can
do both but I think the real big picture
the real big picture like if you had a
look at the solution objectively the
real problem is Mexico has a real
economic situations that we don't have
here in America they're they're far
worse off in a lot of the areas and as
is Guatemala as is a neighbor El
Salvador or neighboring countries are
economically devastated until they are
not until they come up and until they
experienced prosperity you're always
gonna have people that are committing
crime because they want to try to get by
and you're always going to have people
that are want to don't want to try to
get to America because it's a place
where there's more opportunity yeah the
real issue the real issue is that it's
so much better over here right and
that's and that makes sense and you get
the same thing with immigration and and
movement of people over in Europe coming
in from from wherever which is the
maximum right which is the brexit
argument in part I mean it's not just
based on immigration but it's more
control of your own nation's security
and destiny etc but I think that that's
you could argue that national security
from a u.s. perspective would warrant
improving your ability to impact nations
like Guatemala El Salvador wherever in
working with Mexico to not just improve
sort of the security the liaison that
goes on and improving that but you're
right I mean working conditions criminal
you know our crime and instability
that's in our national security I know
people get you know they get very upset
I said why should we give countries
money right well in part you're right I
mean sometimes you give them money and
goes down some shithole and it doesn't
you know and I don't mean I'm not talk
about the country I'm just talking
literally it goes into a hole and a
person gets in corruption right and they
absorb it and at the highest levels of
government yeah
and so there's no there's no controls
over how that money is spent there's no
there's no metrics to say whether it's
spent wisely at the end of the day so
you can you but I would argue that yeah
I agree I mean it's in our national
security interest when we're talking
about border security immigration to
view that as sort of the top-line issue
mm-hmm why are they why are they on the
move right well like you said they're on
the move because they want a better life
because where they're at and good yes
how do you work with them and that's you
know that's I think people sometimes
look at that and think well that's
pushing a rock up a hill it's never
gonna happen and so maybe they just stop
right but we've ignored Latin America
Central America South America for
decades which is how we ended up in part
with with Chavez and you know Maduro
have to follow and and some of the
horseshit that went on down there
because we we ignored it we didn't give
it the resources we didn't give it the
attention we didn't treat it seriously
as a national security concern we were
all focused on wherever improving
relations on South East Asia or
elsewhere so yeah we need to refocus and
I think ultimately do we see it
immediately no but I think you're right
so anyway that's you know I think for
people that are just like the foreign
policy it is yeah with at least one dude
who doesn't know jack shit about foreign
policy that would be a good show though
but I yeah but I really think in the
interest of national security legalizing
marijuana federally would stop the
profitability of these gang members
because you'd be able to have legal
marijuana you wouldn't have to be able
to you wouldn't need to buy it in these
other places you'd be able to grow it
yourself and the price would drop
through the fucking floor and it would
be not profitable for these guys to haul
three miles of pipe on their back and
into the back country and use someone
else's land to make these grow ops and
one of the reasons why they're doing
this particularly in California I found
out is that when marijuana became legal
in California these illegal grow ops
became a misdemeanor rather than a
felony so they they do them over here
instead of doing it in Ohio or somewhere
else where it's illegal
they do and also it's you know you could
basically grow year round here I was
gonna say from a logistical point of you
because if they just made it legal
federally this cut the shit we're all
grown-ups yeah and there's a tremendous
number of issues related to the fact
that you know the state and the federal
laws don't match up right right and from
a law enforcement perspective it's a
nightmare and so nightmare yeah I I
agree you know what I you know what will
happen is I don't imagine that it makes
the cartel activity any different that
sucking sound that is the revenues from
from weed leaving their their accounts
will be replaced by something else for
sure get in the weed business yeah yeah
well yeah I mean although these
pharmaceutical companies that are
fighting against it as well as these
prison guard unions which is really
crazy
that's the darkest one to me it's not
the pharmaceutical companies look I get
it they're just creeps that are looking
at their bottom line that every business
wants to constantly have new growth
every year they want to constantly be
making more money I get it it's like
this universal eternal growth model that
they operate under but the prison guard
unions when you find out the day lobby
against the legalization of marijuana is
so insane what does that I didn't know
they just want more people in jail yeah
so they have jobs that's the idea behind
it it's it's the most unamerican thing
possible you want more people in jail
so that you could have a job looking
over those people you basically it's
it's sickening yeah that's that's a new
one to me I had no idea they guard
unions yeah yeah in a nutshell god
fucking christ
yeah private prisons is is something
that you know and there have been I mean
again I'm with this current
administration you know there's been
some prison reform issues that have been
making their way through right they've
been actually focused on it to some
degree maybe the Kim Kardashian champion
of people that are wrongly incarcerated
really is I want to show you something
I'm like dr. Kim K I'm like one of the
I'm like a crazy crazy grandfather clips
newspaper articles out but in
preparation for the show I know most
people think I do no preparation
whatsoever I know
rhinos guys I still do too I love the
newspaper I do as well thank you look at
this colleges offer degree in courses in
the pot business
good move yeah yeah so this is probably
two now did you know that pot is a
teaching podcast I know two people that
have gone back to school for that no no
four oh yeah yeah it's crazy University
of Maryland and Cornell that's the two
that this article talks about well the
biggest sponsorship that the UFC is ever
gotten ever is this Aurora company in
Canada that grows wheat CBD and
marijuana they have football fields fill
with Mead and you know the highest
possible standards the best quality no
pesticides herbicides no bullshit yeah
super pure and the CBD which is
fantastic for everybody's health and I
just I'm back when I first started
working for the UFC there were people
that work for the organized
organizations that didn't like it that I
spoke pot they like what is he doing
yeah well I mean it's I will tell you
this as a rapport of nothing I gotten
calls a couple of calls from people in
the industry who are saying and the only
reason they're calling me is they're
saying can you hook me up with Joe it's
like we hang out together all the time
of course writing because we're always
always hanging out in the pool together
Joe and I but so I said don't look dude
that's not my it's not my job but they
want you know what they want from me you
know what I think they just want to
pitch you on business you want to bring
some spooks in here and fucking case the
joint
yes spooks you gotta be careful using
that word though cuz people think you're
racist yeah that was a racist term in
the 70s well we did a black folks I
worked on a show for in the UK an
espionage drama show that ran ran for
eight or nine C seasons and it was
called in the UK was called spooks it
was about their Intel operation and it
ran for a long time but then they sold
they brought it over here to the states
and I think it was on some channel and
but they had to change the name it
changed the mi5 which is the name for
the domestic security service because
they were worried about the term exactly
but a CIA spooks has always been mean
it's always been around the idea is that
the sneaky people right are doing creepy
shit there is no there is no creepy shit
I hear being done you say what I mean
I'm here to tell you right now and you
can write this down I'm gonna write it
down right down there is no reaping no
creepy shit do not be what's going on
with Iran caught a bunch of people that
they are claiming our CIA informants and
they may execute them yeah yeah they've
done this before they've made this claim
before and look Iran is a that a couple
of parts of this that's one of the
heaviest lips in the business has been
Intel collection on Iran over the years
I'm not talking about just recently but
over the years it's been it's been very
difficult
they are extremely buttoned up over
there and they have an incredible level
of control over their population and
then which is you know at some point you
would think well maybe the population is
going to object to this but you know it
hasn't happened yet and so part of it is
they came out with this having 17
individuals that they claimed were
cooperating with the CIA in some fashion
or another and they you know they claim
that they were fairly high level
individuals the IFA I don't believe
anything that comes out of their mouths
I don't believe them at all I think
they've they've they've got a long long
track record of lying about a variety of
things and so you know why would they
come out with this you know perhaps
they're cracking down and it doesn't
hurt to come out and if you're going
after some of these individuals anyway
why not put them put the paint brush on
them that they're working for the CIA
and and that will appease some of the
population there um so I don't know I
I'm again I'm not buying it it has been
a difficult Intel task and and
collecting intelligence on on their
efforts with with their ballistic
missiles their nuke program as well has
always been has always been problematic
but again they've done this before where
they've talked about how we've wrapped
up CIA spying Network and it's it's kind
of war shit it's just their propaganda i
well yeah i mean i you know i yeah i
that would be my take on it I don't know
what I mean I'm not I'm not internal I'm
not inside and and so you know is it
possible sure we've had we've had
networks wrapped up before by other
countries Cuba the Cuban Intel service
years ago right which was completely
built by the Russians by the way by the
old KGB they owned an
operated the Cuban Intel service for a
long time still do they at one point
wrapped up pretty much everybody we had
on island mhm and and other people did
we have over there three no we had you
know I don't I don't remember the
numbers but it was it was a few yeah
let's just say it was it was it was not
good and they they had done a very good
it was from a from a counterintelligence
perspective it was a pretty impressive
effort so it's happened
Rush's you know done the same when we've
usually went with Russia usually when
we've got a traitor or a mole you know
somebody like Robert Hansen Jim
Nicholson Howard the Americans oh yeah
from what I understand it's a good show
it was a show based on the idea that at
one point time there was a Russian
family that had come over here and
infiltrated and became American citizens
and seemed like you know Joe and Mary
next door right but really they were
Russian spies you don't had an aunt and
uncle named Joe and Mary it's weird that
you would say that I literally had Nana
named Joe and Mary got some intel on you
buddy yeah there was you know there was
a story the reason the Americans was was
created was written as do a lot of
things do based on some smart writer who
sees an opportunity because he reads a
newspaper all right years back 2011 I
think it was we had a sleeper cell that
we wrapped up in Jersey no no it was
there yeah that's what just takes place
right and there was that one that the
hot one remember everybody rushing right
and so ring him over and then you look
at anything and they've had yeah I mean
we could I think she's forgetting what
her name was
if you're a fat fucker in your lawn and
she walked over storge
yeah got high heels on yeah wearing
nothing but that's all not so much
there's something about her look I know
there's some better knows the
integration ever knows yeah no she's hot
yeah you don't think that not there no
that's not a good shot one update check
and she's never any makeup now that's
true that imagine
hurry up yeah put a little tartar up
East European chess liner on her she'd
be a chick catches you with a couple of
Jack downs and you got trouble oh my
gosh she walks across when you're mowing
the lawn and you're right so she and a
bunch of other people lived in in Jersey
in the suburbs and their whole reason
for being with just a spot people right
it was it wasn't they were not you know
these were not the heads of the the
organization right so their job is spot
people live there be you know social
meet people that might be of interest
maybe it turns out that somebody in the
PTA where your kids go to school maybe
somebody's working for Raytheon er
they're working for some you know
interesting companies that's what they
do so that's their job their job was
basically the spot and then you've got
other people in that chain of events who
are a little bit higher up the food
chain who then assess right and we'll
look at that person and go yeah there's
maybe there's something that this person
works for whatever company and and you
know that'd be it could be it doesn't
matter what the company is by the way
could be Qualcomm could be you know
think of one that because the
application could be Corning could be
anything and there's all sorts of
companies out there that that have
applications that may be of interest
from an Intel perspective for it for a
hostile state so then you know they do a
little assessment and maybe they come
away and go yeah yeah that person's
interesting job let's develop a little
relationship there now maybe one of
those individuals will work on that
relationship or maybe that somebody else
will come in you know within this
there's this group and they'll develop a
relationship and then you know maybe
they'll task the person so maybe you say
the guy works at a tech company and you
know you're gonna think okay I want to
see if this person has any weaknesses
you know how you know can i leverage
anything here and so what you'll say is
you know my kid you know it's doing this
school paper it's on you know something
and uh okay I can't you know hey they're
just not getting in it or they're not
doing the research or whatever hey do
you have anything you know and you're
not asking for anything classified
you're just saying look you work in a
tech company you know don't you have
something that would be of interest you
know my kids got to write the stupid
paper and and you're not looking for
anything of Intel value you're looking
to see whether they'll accommodate you
will they actually come back and go yeah
well you know what we got this and it's
kind of interesting and it's this you
know research paper that's you know been
out in the press for a long time but
yeah it's interesting hey you know hands
it over
you got something right now you got
something that you can see that they
responded to a little task and then you
set the hook a little bit and then you
just keep on working on that so in the
meantime they're calling back to the KGB
and saying we have got who work with
Raytheon write notes information just
and they say it just like that that very
accident they keep jobs and everything
so they work to go to work everybody go
to work maybe they don't maybe they're a
spouse you know stay-at-home spouse well
what do they do they hang out with other
stay-at-home spouses and create
friendships because of kids and the next
thing you know you're all having dinners
with each other and you know you look
you like that Russian broad she's
banging everybody right well no you
wouldn't do that that would be a very
disruptive thing to do in that community
right and that's the premise of the
Americans I've seen the show yeah I
watched one banks people I watched I
watched about half an hour of the first
episode and the Knights get angry no no
I just sit there and I get I'm a very
hard person to watch shows like that
with and so so my wife was like I just
can't no you can't you can't sit because
it's like yeah tell me I'm going like
but it was good I understand it was good
show with the show where people play
pool no I really play pool my yeah yeah
I was just in the UK and boy I tell you
what I turn on the TV and there's a
snooker match ah yeah I'm in there
snooker I'm in there right I'll just sit
and sit and watch snooker in there oh my
god but it's also it's one of those
things where either you can sit and
watch it like golf or you can't and I
just happen for some reason I've got
some defect that allows me to sit and
watch a billiard match have you ever
played it's tough it's hard really yeah
yeah we have a pool table at home that
the boys have become pretty damn good at
which is a skill a life skill but yeah
billiards is well pool is no heart Nucor
is way harder yeah it's way harder they
they excel in American pool I don't
think any American player has ever gone
over there and excelled in snooker I
don't believe so yeah yeah maybe
something for I know guys I'm tried but
I don't think anybody's succeeded but
there's been a ton of guys from England
yeah that have come over here and they
do very well on the American pool tour
yeah but you know what we do better on
is bowling we do we kick the shit out of
them when it comes
bowling yeah but that's an American
thing well yeah there you go do they
Bowl come over here and Bowl no I don't
I don't know I don't thinks I don't
think of this but there's been that
migration just weekly stupid sport
yeah and they get really mad when I say
that x-man you fuck no I'm not
they were all in a ball at these things
you have to pick them back up again have
you ever bowled sober I don't think I've
ever bowled so yeah I bowl with my kids
always sober my kids love bowling
yeah and they put up the little bumper
things so it doesn't go in the gutter so
you cheatin yeah so you can just
basically whip that fucking thing down
there 100 miles my thrill is to hear
that what's up for me give them an edge
yeah you know don't let them would you
let your kids on the floor do you let
your kids win yes yeah all the time but
I did get a hamstring injury because I
didn't let my kid beat me in a race how
old she's 11 okay I was rough but I was
running out knew something was going on
like who cares pushed through she's not
winning my fucking hamstrings hurt my my
middle boy Sluggo plays basketball
that's all he wants to do day and night
and he's a bit like the sort of like the
Rain Man of basketball too so in terms
of facts figures characters yeah he can
go back to Jerry West and and and he'll
tell you about Bill Russell's career
anything but he loves basketball he's
you want to play professionally yes he
does yes well I'll tell you you know it
doesn't look like it but in in a deep
fake video I look about 6 foot 10 but
what I like 6:1 that's quite six yeah
you have to get that kid on growth
hormones yeah well but he that's all he
does he plays and he just constantly and
he just all he wants to do is play and
so he's got to the point where you know
for a long time I would just we'd go out
we got a court at home and I'd play and
and I kind of let him and it gets to the
point where I can't really beat him I've
got an ID on him right right but his
handles are extremely good no and so and
I'm not the fastest kid on the block
anymore and so it's gotten to the point
now where he's legitimately beat me a
handful of times and it's very
embarrassing because he doesn't really
have an edit button so he he just rubs
that shit
right and it's like it's like it's like
the lion king when scar wants to take
over right he's just like that was
pretty good wasn't the lion king a
difference it's a good reference yeah so
anyway yeah don't let him do that though
it's an exercise for you in patience so
when he's talking shit that's how I look
at it my kids talk shit if they beat me
I just go okay go ahead yeah shit
yeah and that's like you can't can't let
it be personal no no I treat it like
almost like an Internet heckler yeah
kids are allowed to hit me full blast
so Mike my kids take martial arts and I
let them not the oldest woman oldest
ones 22 she'll fuck me out yeah yeah but
the the young ones I let them tee off on
me they they're allowed to full blast
leg kick me they can hurt me yeah
they'll hurt you yeah but I want them to
be able to feel what it feels like to
actually hit a person yeah cuz when
you're sparring in martial arts class
you're not allowed to like hit people
that whole blast just kind of touch them
you know and so I let them just fucking
slam shins into my thighs and I teach
them how to turn it over and dig the
really dig that bone into yeah that's
good that's that's actually really good
sometimes though but we have the same
problem with my boys because they
they're fairly competitive and they're
they're aggressive and you know I keep
telling my said look getting punched in
the face isn't good and you know until
you actually do well you know they've
gotten some in this um I was gonna say
50 cups I don't know if you could say
that you okay
yes together dying yeah we're continuing
to talk over there and he's yeah has a
hard time with water but but yeah it's
it's hard to teach your kids you know
what that's like right and you know at
some point you know maybe they they go
through that they're the youngest one
broke his nose courtesy of the older the
old one so Mugsy got his nose broke in a
contest with with the older one the
oldest one scooter and and he found out
that's no fun the thing is though that
kid's gonna be the tough one yeah the
kid that it's always the youngest ones
like you see in the UFC when there's
older brothers and younger brothers the
older brothers Jenn and generally pick
on the younger brothers and the younger
brothers once they reach adulthood
almost always can fuck up the older
brother yeah yeah it's really weird yeah
I was I took a lot of beatings when I
was younger because I'm the youngest of
four boys and so yeah I but it's yeah
it's good it's good stuff and I got it's
there's this it's constant entertainment
all right I mean you know what it's like
you know with kids there's always
something and I'm sure right now people
are going oh my god he's gonna start
talking about kids again at length and
they got gonna do that yeah cuz the kids
names are so cartoonish yeah I know well
part of the reason why they get mad yeah
as they are but anyway so what we talked
about Russians yeah okay it's what it
like I like I'm I'm like Uncle Joe here
I've cut out some some shit to talk
about a deep fakes we talked about that
okay okay well uh I wrote down some
notes to my god I was prepared for you
I've never been prepared for your show
before and you know why did you decide
to get prepared this time you know why
because because you've got you've got
some really great guests well no not
really but viewers and listeners I mean
I was trying to the people that follow
this show I find to be really
fascinating I get a lot of feedback and
I feel like you know I yeah I should pay
attention that I should I should prepare
a little bit because there's a lot of
interest right and some of these things
that we talked about and you know so
well sometimes I go out and I wing it
you know and to be fair on new segments
I just make shit up now I don't I don't
do that I know you wanted to talk about
wah wah wah wah wah way which i think is
a really fascinating subject to me and a
lot of people that are tech inclined
because they are at the tip of the spear
when it comes to technological
innovation in the cellphone space yeah
and I know that they're doing that with
in regards to modems and a bunch of
other things as well but it appears at
least and a lot of companies are
exclusively using their 5g modems as 5g
rolls out oh yeah yeah but it appears
they're they are involved in some
serious shenanigans and they have deep
roots with the Chinese government they
do they claim they don't they claim look
were independent we would never do
whatever the Chinese authorities say
think about that sentence think about a
company with the global reach of Huawei
of that importance to the Chinese state
and think about them saying trying
say with a straight face we wouldn't we
wouldn't do you know things that the
Chinese government might ask us to do a
real Chinese company and you said that
you meant it they would exactly like you
won't yeah you would not be in business
for that long or there would be a change
in the senior management of the business
so and who always been caught out
they've been caught out in Europe to the
degree where at a certain point you
think Germany and others that are deeply
involved with Huawei now in terms of the
5g infrastructure where they've just
made this decision
look it's financially better for us to
work with Huawei and we can set aside
the security risks they're literally
made that decision yeah that was reading
an article about that very recently that
they've just decided to have some sort
of a risk to reward conversation and the
risk is worth the reward right right and
so you know that's that's their
calculation from a u.s. perspective
because we are you know because there's
two essentially two superpowers now
right I mean in China's you know
advancing and and we're not the lone
superpower on the stage anymore and so
we are the number one target and you
know our calculation has to be different
so we've been going at it and I know
everybody I think it's been it's been
pretty well covered it didn't used to be
covered very well but it's been pretty
well covered over the past couple of
months and now what's happening is we've
been in these trade negotiations with
China and I think unfortunately I think
the current administration the Trump
administration is going to blink and I
think there because Huawei is such a
huge issue for the Chinese and the idea
that we would prevent our companies from
selling into or purchasing from or
dealing with and that we would have
sanctions on other countries that that
do they view that as such a threat to
their own interests and their own future
that Huawei is front and center with any
trade deal so they're looking they're
not doing any trade deal unless we make
concessions on hallway and I have a
feeling that Trump administration is
going to make those concessions because
from a political perspective they want a
trade deal right
so far they've actually said to Google
that Google is gonna stop using the
Android operating system for the Chinese
phones for huawei's phones at least
they're going to not let them license
out the so Huawei's actually been at
least rumored to be in production of
their own operating system which would
mean they would have to have their own
not just operating system but they did
have to have their own eco systems and
they'd have to have an app store they'd
have to have all that all the jazz that
we have today when you if you sign up
for you buy an Android phone you have
access to the Google Play market which
is this huge resource of applications
and as soon as you take that away you've
got to kind of rebuild that whole thing
from scratch right right well I did
wai-wait doesn't lack anything in
resources you know they'll be fine
you know because it's either the state
will provide and ensure that they have
the resources they need they also you
know we're the outlier here right I mean
we've been working with New Zealand in
the Canada and and you know the UK to
some degree but the UK has been you know
they've been kind of pushing back a
little bit on this idea that we're gonna
isolate while we I don't think that's
gonna happen so they're using Huawei
devices to some degree yes they've been
slower to adopt and and and kind of mesh
their infrastructure with hallways for
people here for people don't know what
we're talking about could you please
just lay out what's the concern what do
they think that Huawei is doing Huawei
is essentially what's it did the way to
put this would be imagine a
communications network that spans the
globe and Huawei builds and provides
gear and certainly going into 5g they're
a leading provider and so and then
financially they they can offer
countries much better deals than than
other providers but they are an
intricate part of that communications
web so if you imagine that Huawei is a
state-sponsored entity and will respond
to Chinese authorities requests for
information or intelligence that's
passing through this communications web
around the globe our our business
communications our military
communications
intelligence communications that that
all kind of go through at some point
this interconnected system that's the
problem because they are essentially
building backdoors into that system that
allow them to suck communications out of
that network and use it for their own
purposes it's a great intelligence tool
right so if you think about it in a way
basically that's it's a it's a an
advancement on the idea that you are
wiretapping somebody or you know you've
created a bility to intercept some
communications right they link
themselves with the EU or what happens
we've got military communications right
with the EU our military talks to the EU
military and and and we've got NATO
concerns and everything so if if there's
an element in that infrastructure that
touches in and has a door that opens to
some walkway gear right then the danger
here is and they've they've had
backdoors discovered in the past and
then while we put sands up and go home
we didn't know that was there will
correct it and then it turns out they
don't correct it and then you know oh
sorry about that
you know they don't did they honestly
don't give a shit they I when I say how
aggressive they are in terms of sucking
up information I can't overstate it
right and so this that's why it's a
problem for us is because you know if we
if we convince Australia and and you
know the five eyes nations New
Zealanders and you know there's not to
work with Wow way and then say Canada
you know which is willing to do a deal
well we've got seamless communications
infrastructure with Canada so all of a
sudden the fact that they're doing
business in huawei but we're not we're
still at risk we're still in jeopardy
because that information is still
flowing to some degree where it's
accessible to hallway and their ability
to get it so I you know again I know and
I know people listen to that and they go
uh why is that of any concern well it's
a concern because used to be in the old
days it was a you know it was us in the
Russians Soviet Union Russia's you know
I got that GDP of a small he you nation
China is is on March they they they view
themselves in a certain fashion that's
why they're pushing out in the South
China Sea they've been building up their
military they've been doing deals all
over the the
world for rare earth minerals - you know
- labor just access to naval ports
doesn't matter what it is they've been
busy doing that because they view
themselves at the top of the food chain
now I guess we could say well okay fine
maybe it's their turn or something but
that's not how I view the world
I didn't mean we can either be on top or
we can you know be sucking wind and so
he goes back to that one of those early
questions you asked is how much do we
spend on defense how much do we spend on
an Intel how much do we spend and
whatever it may be and I think the
answer is that's where intelligence
comes in you have to know what the
opposite the hostile nation is doing you
have to know what the competitor is
doing it's like in business then you
have to spend enough to stay ahead of
that right even if it's a small amount
you got to stay ahead you got ahead and
it's it behooves us not to fall behind
that's never a good thing I know we
don't always do things right but as a
nation the world is much better off with
us sort of at that and this is gonna
sound wrong to a lot of people they're
gonna think oh my god that's terrible
but with us at the top we're more
altruistic maybe they don't know that's
the word or not but I think word yeah so
anyway so I that's that's my view a lot
of people say bullshit but you know
everyone's got different experiences you
know well is there a way to detect like
when they really say if they would
release a huawei phone and which is a
really really interesting that just a
few years ago Huawei was not even a
major player by any stretch of the
imagination now it's the number two cell
phone provider in the world passed Apple
which is incredible when you consider
the fact that they barely have a
foothold in the American market they
very few people buy their phones and if
they do buy their phones they buy
unlocked phones from overseas yeah it's
really kind of crazy but is there a way
where they could detect whether or not
there is a backdoor in these phones I
mean or is it something where they could
develop it to the point where you really
would have no idea no we can we stay
pretty well you know that you'd yeah
it's a good it's a good question but I
would say that as long as we can
what we're doing in terms of
counterintelligence and and tech
advances and efforts in in cyberspace
and elsewhere and certainly in
communications hardware to stay ahead of
potential hostile activity I think we're
we're okay we we were good at detecting
problems we're good at identifying
weaknesses in in these systems the
problem is again it's a global community
we can't isolate ourselves in terms of
communications infrastructure just
doesn't work so if you know it's like a
chain and a weak link yes I gave that
analogy good yeah thank you I made you
all the weakest link you are exactly so
yeah it's I mean anyway that's why way
and I do think that it the interesting
part will be what does the
administration do in their desire to get
a trade deal are they willing to blink
on this because they put their foot down
right and now because we're so
dysfunctional here in the States from a
political perspective now you've got
people like Chuck Schumer going well you
know Trump better not blink on this this
is important so suddenly Chuck Schumer
is a hawk on protecting us from from you
know Chinese espionage right and but
simply because you know he sees as a
political opening here you know if Trump
backtracks on hallway now hey good from
the Democratic perspective they can use
that to bang on him you know so it's all
it all comes down to politics but but
this is something that people didn't
even understand was an issue like good
nationally this is something no one was
even aware of until a few months ago and
when I started reading about it one of
the first things that I was reading
about was you know I'm kind of a
technology nerd and so I was fascinated
by some of their newest phones which
were really far advanced to what you're
getting offered in the United States
yeah and a lot of that ability to create
in record time comes from the natural
fire electoral property yeah and that's
how they over the years again that was a
that was a collective decision by the
authorities there that this is how we're
going to advance right we they looked
and they make a calculation that says we
can't afford the wait decades while we
do our own research and development you
know well let's let's just take it and
Huawei is not the own
only Chinese phone manufacturer ones
over there but they're the only one that
seems to be banned what's that other
ones ami what there's it's quite a few
there are but Huawei has been because of
their size there and their connection to
the government and because of the
resources that the government has been
willing to to provide to them the
advantage that they have and the speed
with which they were able to kind of
embed themselves into other nations
telecommunications infrastructure that's
why they're so important right but the
general yeah the you know are there
other companies we well of course yeah I
mean there's a variety of companies we
should be worried about from that
perspective and it's not look to be fair
I spent some time on China because it's
just you know the number one state you
know sponsored perpetrator of theft of
intellectual property but you know
there's those other countries involved
in it they copy entire cities which is
really insane you seem like they have a
fake Paris over there yeah yeah I know
well you know they've got you go some of
these places and looked and in Chinese
history culture is fantastic right and
I've been over there in times and I'm
just like marveled at how you know how
interesting the people are how friendly
they are I mean they look there's a lot
of wonderful things about China but I'm
just saying the authorities right the
government policy of no rule of law of
the no protection when it comes to
intellectual property all these things
and their aggressiveness and stealing
information that's the problem
but China as a country is a fascinating
place so that was I don't know why I
said that that's just my it is a fact
yeah it's very very very very very old
which is something that we totally
understand that was a five varies you
think about like when you look at the
history of China it's really it's
amazing yeah it goes back so far when
you look at this country it's a couple
of hundred years and that's it I know
yeah we come across a house that's
hundred years old and someone slaps a
historical yeah you can't suddenly can't
do anything to it and we face that in
the past well I know a guy who's got a
house that was built in 20s and they
have a historic thing on the 1920s it'll
be soon it'll be the architecture of the
60s that we want to protect you yeah
probably plastic over couches yeah oh
that was that was a good thing right you
know and nobody wanted to sit on those
in the summer but what do you think is
going to happen
you really think the government's going
to cave and they're gonna give in - yeah
I think so because I think they really
they they definitely want a trade deal
in some capacity and China's not going
to blink on this right they'll they'll
figure out how to how to kind of bear
the burden of the tariffs and and make
things work on you know for them
disagree much gets built over the a - I
mean all the Apple stuffs getting built
over there now and there was just a
recent story where Tim Cook was trying
to get Trump to back down off of some
tariffs because you know we're gonna
have a 25% tariff on some apple products
that they're building in China yeah yeah
and it's the idea that look it's not the
idea that you can Wow Huawei revenue
Trump's 23 percent despite us crackdown
yeah because look over it seized their
phones are gigantic they figured out you
know Samsung made a huge disastrous
mistake with their Galaxy fold no no I
know but right over the foldable phone
well they have a mate X that apparently
is way better than the Galaxy fold it's
a better design and it's viable works
yeah Samsung's an incredible company and
it's it's got an amazing history of
innovation and technology but but you're
right they have had a couple of they've
had a couple of missteps the fold wasn't
the only one that they had a miss no
seven that's low right that's a product
right when you get a phone that explodes
that's not necessarily what you want in
a communications device
what Jody point out of Y way mate X it's
not as good as said where's design
changed just a few weeks before the
release well what's wrong come out yet
they just does not change the I don't
know yeah but it doesn't mean it's not
better Y saying means it's not better
the people that have tried it if said
it's better he's just saying it's
last-minute tweaks animation the head of
the antenna released in September an
additional sensor appears have been
added to the phone's camera module
that's to find out where you live
exactly yeah I wasn't mean it's not
better Jamie not yet so how would
anybody know the people that have
reviewed it there's people that are
reviewed it all the tech sites were
written they just changed you just don't
know yeah well they just retweet the
sensor yeah talking shit over there but
it wants you to go back to coughing on
water
are you anti hallway
no no they did use the like a name -
like a license tip for their camera I
don't think that they're using like
Leica cameras no they're not it's like
uh I've used it I use it at CES like
three years ago
I thought they use like your cameras for
the the main pro or whatever they use
the name but I don't believe that it's
it's not I mean it might be a like a
sensor but it's like a very it's a
microchip it's compared to the the one I
have in this camera that's expiry of
course it's very different you know a
camera but I mean I think these Leica
lenses right or like something good but
can we get to the bottom of this I was
super interested in and I was trying to
tell us like what are they using about
this name there's a photographer I
follow that was promoting it and I was
like it just seems like they're using
the name is all but I couldn't tell it
you don't know they're not right I
couldn't tell but as a photographer I
couldn't I could like all you're using
is the name this isn't a better photo
it's not doesn't have the value at the
lichen well that's good they have some
pretty spectacular camera so Jamie I
mean there they had the very best ever
night-vision camera not night vision but
night sight like the ability to take
photographs at night and it looks like
pull-up huawei night photograph examples
because Google pixel 3 is the second
best one but at West one is supposedly
the Huawei that the zoom came out a
couple months ago people were saying
that that was bullshit which was that it
was like I had a super zoom technology
lens that people were someone what was
that's real but who said it's no way
that that's real photographers
photographers reviewers people that are
using the do this stuff and said but
they weren't using this though they were
just one thing has improved one thing
has been proven that Huawei has taken
some photographs and said they were
taking on a Huawei phone and they were
actually taken on a very high-end yeah a
very high-end camera oh also Huawei
posted some stuff on Instagram from
iPhones couple two got caught a couple
times doing that which is also quite
hilarious but yeah it's a it's a sneaky
business and if if that's how they're
going to do
they're gonna get in through the
backdoor and get information through
phones and modems and and it may not be
you know it's it may not be something
that they worry about now in terms of
access I mean people say well why do
they want the access now they just want
to know that they can I mean imagine a
conflict in the future where they have
that ability right either to real-time
monitor communications through this
network that they've been able to build
trapdoors into you know or to impact the
flow of communication more aggressively
more proactively to to do things it's
you know it's it's like it's like
mapping out our infrastructure right the
testing the probing that goes on of our
of our electrical grid it's an example I
mean that's just planning for the future
in the event that something bad is going
to happen if there's gonna be a conflict
you know they want to know as do we I
mean again to your point that you know
hopefully we're doing the same stuff and
so yeah it's something else interesting
when you talk about China though is and
and you think about okay what should we
be watching and we touched on Russia a
little bit is the alliance between
possible alliance between Russia and
China and it's an interesting dynamic
you know traditionally Russia trying to
have them been together they've always
been some areas of concern
you know distrust but there are signs
there are things happening that appear
as if China and Russia have made a
strategic decision to align themselves
closer and that would be because they've
made that determination that somehow
it's in their best interests of it you
know and not necessarily that it's going
to be that way for any long period of
time but right now in the current
environment you see Russia acting as if
what they want is a stronger alliance
military alliance and political alliance
economic alliance with China and it's
it's it's an interesting dynamic that we
need to be watching we need to be aware
of and part of that is you know people
again this this idea that you know there
was this Russia Trump collusion and
thinking okay well that's good except
our relations with Russia have been this
bad in a long time so maybe it's all a
very
clever mind game that they're playing
because they're closely aligned but I
don't think so so we've actually laid on
more significant sanctions on Russia
we've attacked them from an energy
perspective in terms of our ability to
create our independence you know
particularly from from natural gas that
is damage to Russia's abilities so I
think there's reasons why they're
gravitating towards China right now but
this idea that somehow Trump is super
friendly and is a useful idiot of Putin
it doesn't doesn't play out when you
look at the reality of the relationship
between the two countries that whole
Russian collusion thing is a very
confusing narrative because on one hand
you have the Democrats who are saying
without doubt there's Russian collusion
and then the other side you have the
Republicans and say the Mueller report
essentially exonerated Trump from being
a part of any sort of Russia inclusion I
don't think either one is totally
accurate I think there's a lot of like
weird gray yeah both narratives I I
think that the Democrat narrative is
easier to understand it just makes sense
from their perspective why was how he
wanted why wouldn't we push that to this
day they're just still amazed that they
lost and so there must be some grander
reason why because we just how clearly
we couldn't lose to this guy right so
and it was also a talking point much
less you know let's hit everybody with
the racist hammer it's a talking point
and it's worked for them over at least
the first couple of years on the on the
on the Republican side look the Russians
knew what they were doing right they
were fucking with the election on
several different levels it wasn't just
trolling through the internet it wasn't
you know just placing stories that they
could it wasn't just trying to film it
you know a divisive miss and discontent
it was also doing these little dangle
things you know or they're you know they
were looking to see a word I think in a
byte what are they gonna do you know I
mean you think about that Christopher
Steele dossier it was a piece of shit I
mean if we saw that in in the commercial
side of things you know I've got a
business and global intelligence and and
and research and security that thing was
just - there was nothing it was shot
full of holes right and so you think
well what's
he should have asked tell me about your
sources you know why are your sources
talking what would you know you've got a
anytime you've got a piece of
intelligence right you got to a few
basic things you know where to come from
see any people you have to steal da C it
was all about yeah it was basically just
look they were going after opposition
research political opposition research
right so Christopher Steele who was a
you know a paid hired consultant used to
be with British intelligence not you
know not a James Bond type but you know
a decent enough by all accounts a decent
enough guy but he entered the world of
private sector information gathering
right and I've got a company that's
whether we do all around the world and
and you you can't relax your standards
just because you're now in the
commercial sector right when you get a
piece of information you need to test
that piece of information and one of the
first things you need to do is
understand what's the sourcing for it
and why did why did they have access you
know how credible are they what's their
track record and why by the way are they
providing this information and how did
it eventually you know make its way to
this report and those are the sort of
simple things that whether you're a
corporation that's gathering
intelligence about a market that you may
enter with a you know an investment or
whether you're still in the business and
you're an Intel officer and you're you
know talking to a source that works in
some foreign ministry somewhere you got
to be able to you know stress test the
intelligence and then it shit wasn't
done people people liked what they saw
they saw negative information about the
the candidate and just run with that
shit right and the more times you it's
like it's like the old wmd reporting
that came out of the early days in Iraq
the more you repeat it even if it's one
source and that sources is a piece of
shit when you repeat it people are gonna
buy it alright so right conclusion
conclusion you just keep repeating that
and it's gonna happen at some point
it'll happen but anyway so but it seems
like Russia definitely likes to disrupt
our democracy absolutely and they
wouldn't steal an ax fit well part of it
is in in the old days it was sort of a
struggle for supremacy in the world
right i mean that was that's kinda its
core that's what it was right
and
their ability to chip away in faith into
democratic institutions was at the core
of a lot of the crap that they pulled
and it still is I mean so that's all the
when you're talking about a propaganda
effort like the the screwing with the
last election what's their goal when
their goal isn't necessarily it that's
where they you know do they care whether
one Canada or another wins well maybe
maybe they do right but you'd be
hard-pressed to argue that you know they
were working against a Hillary Clinton
who had said you know we want to have a
reset and you know and have a new
relationship with Russia and work with
them I mean maybe they looked at Trump
and thought yeah that's the guy we want
to work with but over that the more
important issue was in just chipping
away at Americans belief and democratic
institutions get us all so that we
question the credibility of a democracy
and that's then the fundamental belief
for propaganda efforts within the old
KGB and now the FSU and and and so it's
it's you know it's as simple as that in
a way and it worked
look at this you know we've spent years
now just bitching at each other and
yelling and screaming and complaining
and we bought into it because we all
like we talked about before we you know
we're easily duped you know and and I
don't know how you get around that I
don't know how we walk that back maybe
we don't but I think it's an informed
public that that helps to battle this
but we haven't we lost sight of what was
important here and that is and so I
think the public needs it's their
responsibility you like this yeah you
like where you live then you gotta make
an effort to try to keep it right and
and part of that is being an informed
public and understanding what the
hostile elements may be out there you
know without being paranoid but just
understand why they're doing things in
the way that the world operates you know
and and you'll always have that group of
people that you know don't buy into any
of that bullshit and think it's all just
we should all be holding the hands yeah
that's a that's that's a fun one that's
fun there it's a good narrative it's a
happy narrative yeah right when you've
talked to people that have seen terrible
things that take place all around the
world that narrative is hard to swallow
like when you read about these gang
members
coming in and growing pot and fucking
shooting at people and they've had these
high-level task force just to deal with
these cartel members that are growing
weed right and this is that's just one
part of what they're doing right that's
just human trafficking and everything
else that they get involved in extortion
and all which is probably the scary shit
yeah yeah and that's it and that's
that's what you have to worry about if
you if you have push them out of the
market because you legalize everything
which you know I assume that's kind of
the direction we're going then do they
fill that gap again from a revenue
perspective with fentanyl or something
else whatever the next choice is how do
you stop the infiltration how do you
stop the gang members are coming in here
I mean how do you do that other than
eliminating them other than having some
sort of a tactical registration well
that seems like the only operation that
would make any sense in my mind
yeah well it's like jihadism you can't
kill your way out of it right it doesn't
mean you shouldn't make a good-faith
effort but it's for the further for the
drug control for the narcotics counter
narcotics part of it is what we talked
about also about working with the other
governments right we've had some success
in doing that well you'll work with the
Mexican authorities you work with
Colombians or out in Southeast Asia you
know to try to you know push on the back
on the heroin trade and so you work
through them to some degree but that's
tough right that's corruption yeah so
much corruption and that's and that's
that's the problem and it's and it's
unsatisfying because you don't see an
immediate return sometimes and it's and
it's also it's uh sometimes seems like
it's just a big you know bottomless pit
and while you're tossing money right and
effort and resources but it's something
that has to be done doesn't mean you
shouldn't still do it but it is I mean
corruption in in a place like Mexico
right whether people just don't have any
faith in the institution's because
they've lived in this system for so long
where all the officials in their minds
anyway are corrupt the police are
corrupt the federales are corrupt you
know the Marines down in Mexico probably
the most trusted institution because
they're not viewed in the same vein
they're not viewed as corrupt but only
the Marines well yeah pretty much I mean
that's it which is it's it's odd but
it's it's a
it's a large organization and they've
been able to kind of stay above the fray
to some degree which is interesting I
have no idea but it's it you know it's
been the perception and just for the
most part it's it's true when you work
down there often enough you do get that
impression but it's how do you get rid
of that endemic corruption in that
society and turn that public perception
around you know because that will impact
but look what happened you know previous
administration when they they seriously
went after the cartel members I remember
that spree of violence that they kicked
off it was in part because the Mexican
authorities were going after cartels in
a more serious manner right they
previously that they were managing the
problem so they said okay look let's
manage down the violence everybody and
we'll let you keep doing your business
it's gonna happen so you guys do your
business but just you know let's it's
keep sort of public order you know as
something that we want to demonstrate
that we're capable of and when you have
to when they went after the cartels in a
more serious manner that's when that
that real parse spree of violence kicked
off and you know there was more Headroom
so these you know these various members
were you know they were combating each
other and they were going after the
public they understood that they had to
you know basically wear down the public
which is what happened the public said
after a while they said fuck it we can't
deal with this the violence is too much
it's awful and so government you know
eventually we went back to managing the
problem drug trade didn't go away of
course they just went back to the old
ways of doing things so but the violence
is just so intense the public eventually
just that we can't know and and I think
the cartels knew that they understood
that right and so they were willing to
to do it well the most ridiculous aspect
was that Fast and the Furious deal where
they were literally selling drugs to the
cartels so they could track them and
those drugs were used to eventually kill
some US office right right yeah I mean
it was yeah yeah yeah conflating things
yeah those guns that they used they did
kill officers right yeah there was there
was a officer in particular was that was
killed and and the the Fast and Furious
anytime you talk about let me talk about
as part of a intelligence collection
effort right or law enforcement effort
that you're going to supply the hostile
element with weapons or whatever maybe
yeah it's gonna it's probably gonna go
sideways right who's like a great way to
cover the fact that you were selling
guns I mean if I was really skeptical I
would say what are you gonna do we're
gonna sell them guns how the fuck you're
gonna sell them guns well we're gonna do
say that it's an intelligence-gathering
thing guns yeah
we're all really cynical yeah a lot of
people a lot of people are yeah yeah
yeah no I I think it was it was a fucked
up operation there's no doubt about it
and I'm not a fan of you know it's sort
of like the same in the gray arms
marketing you know sort of on a global
basis we can talk about you know like
you know because again what are you
looking to do you're looking to create
movement track you know movement of gear
or money or resources or personnel
there's ways you can do that you know
without creating potential for a
complete go rope and unfortunately Fast
and Furious did that that was had to be
a goatrope you giving people the ability
to kill people yeah you giving them guns
yeah like what and what did they have
chips on the guns like how are they even
tracking these goddamn guns yeah it that
sources method shit but it's yeah going
back to to Mexico and how do you you
know how do you resolve that because
that impacts again that impacts us
impacts our national security right yeah
and so well they're literally connected
to us yeah we're so concerned with
Afghanistan and Iraq they're nowhere
near us and we've got this thing
connected to us that's literally filling
this country with illegal drugs they
sell meth they sell fentanyl yeah
Afghanistan fuck they're coming up on
another election presidential election
in mid I think mid-september you don't
you're not thinking about it I'm
thinking about moving the family over
there and yeah yeah I could me and Boris
Johnson and Trump would get together but
yeah though they've had an increase in
bombings you know Taliban stepping it
back and I mean we don't think about it
nobody wants to think about that shit
anymore you think about how many years
you know we've been digging in and and
it always comes back to the same thing a
Taliban bad
what did we think was gonna happen they
got no place else to go right it's so
difficult to track them down
yeah yes and they and then the day we'll
just wait it out right and then so
they're back again they're increasing
bombings they want to take you know they
want to take over again and then it's
just so you're right in a sense we did
we take our eye off the ball yeah we did
yeah and were there other issues that we
should have been more focused on yeah
yeah sure but you know then you're
conflicted because you think of all
those people that fought and died over
there and and the effort that other
people that came back and you know with
with horrible wounds and and and the
trauma of all of that and you know I
feel somewhat conflicted because then
you talk about you know I don't you
don't want to you don't minimize their
what they did right for the country but
you also have an obligation I think they
look at policy and what did we do and
what was the purpose of it was the point
of that exercise and I don't think we
still disdain oh right I mean what are
we create some pseudo state federal
government there that's gonna be a
bastion of democracy and not gonna
happen so anyway I don't want
disappeared on the Afghanistan rabbit
hole but we'd like to think that we
could turn that into another America
that's we like to think when we think
about nation-building that we think that
we can go in there establish democracy
and these people are going to be better
they're gonna be able to go to school
and it's gonna change the whole
environment yeah yeah I guess and that
is true and we talked about Iraq that
way if we just make a rock a bastion of
democracy then maybe it'll help to turn
the tide in the Middle East and suddenly
every won't have more of a respect for
individual liberties and rights and all
the rest of that and and how that would
go you know I'm still looking into it
it's I'll come back again and I'll give
you my report I think it's gonna be
negative a million people have died yeah
it's yeah it's not good right that's
that's typically never good when you get
you get to those numbers some large
number yeah but again look I mean the
shit that we don't want to talk about
it'll be on Thomas Syria mm-hmm I nobody
wants to talk about Syria and then and
and you know Assad you know as butcher
he's still in charge why is he in charge
well because Russia propped him up
I wanted Russia prop went along with
Iran and isn't there's a there's a nasty
piece of work there and as an access
goes well you know Russia had no
intention of letting
go mmm we should have been able to
figure that one out but mmm
we didn't and in part because we have
these these these impulses let's say
well we're gonna do better and because
we're going to create this ability for
people to you know create their own
democracy yeah so yeah so anyway we see
Ria's again one of those places that
nobody really wants to discuss or talk
about and we've got we've got attention
deficit disorder nobody talked about
North Korea anymore remember we're all
gonna get blown up by Kim jong-un yeah
yeah well there's pictures of Trump
shaking his hand so we're buddies now
go home yes we're all good good I mean
the last article I read about North
Korea was about how did Kim jong-un get
his Mercedes is there some sort of a
boycott or you know embargo yeah well
and that's you know that's another part
of it is although we have been we've
been more successful I will say this
we've been more successful than that in
the past and part of that is a
technology issue we've gotten better at
imposing and enforcing sanctions than we
used to be and part of that is because
our abilities to understand the movement
of money
tracking transactions is better than it
used to be so the sanctions as an
example we put on Iran this yeah this is
the most difficult time that this regime
has faced in Iran since the fall of the
Shah and it's because we've gotten
better at looking at Russia China in
particular that traditionally always
kind of circumvented the sanctions we're
better at enforcing that and we're
better at working with the EU and
pressuring them right I mean so that's
that's a good thing but I don't know
where that's going you know I mean Iran
is kind of flailing about a little bit
they seize the tanker you know a British
tanker they actually seized a couple but
yeah they're holding on to one in
response to they were trying to ship a
bunch of oil over to Syria and against
sanctions that exist right so so they
had a tanker that was taking 2 million
barrels or whatever avoid over to Syria
and the British
in the territorial waters of Gibraltar
intercepted that ship that was a
beginning of July and in response the
Iranians have done a number of things
right but the most recent thing that
they've done was they seized a British
flag tanker and they're still holding
the crew and that's sort of an example
of their I don't say they're desperate
right because they've got an ability I
think to withstand and their control
over the PAS
population is so strong but it's an
example I think to some degree of them
flailing a bit and trying to figure out
what are they gonna do what's their next
move and I know people say well we
shouldn't have gotten out of the deal
and we shouldn't you know we shouldn't
have this issue anyway because you know
it's Trump's fault for getting out of
the deal but you know they again I don't
have a lot of confidence in in them
sticking to the terms and agreements of
any deal because they've never done in
the past there's always been an effort
and they've always broken the agreements
so I don't know why suddenly they would
change their tune if we can keep the
sanctions on hard enough and force them
to the table the only thing they care
about staying in power if they think
they're gonna lose that grip on power
they'll come to the table and then make
a better deal and that deal would
include us being able to access their
military facilities and for inspections
we couldn't we had no access to any
other military sites in that country
because yeah we didn't make it a
condition of the deal right so we
basically said sure we want verification
that you're following the agreements
they said we'll fuck you this is these
are the places that we agree to let you
look at that's that was that I don't
want to over simplify but that was the
terms of the deal and so we we any deal
that we do with them in the future needs
to be able to say no we want on a
percent verification as John Kerry said
that's what you want you want to be able
to verify so when we heard about it what
we're hearing in the news from the
people that are opposed to the deal is
that Trump broke this deal and he was
foolhardy to do so that Obama had put in
place this deal and the Trump had broke
it and it sort of leaves us in this
terrible quagmire right but what you're
saying is that the deal was terrible and
that it didn't really give us access to
understand exactly what their nuclear
program was their military program was
so it wasn't a good deal it wasn't it
wasn't wise to keep it if you're if
you're
if the way that you judge the the value
of a deal and they this is what the
previous administration the Obama
administration did was to talk about how
you know it's important that we verify
and we've got verification well yeah
you've got verification of the sites
that the Iranians agreed to let us look
at that and so yeah it was a deal was it
a good deal know they wanted this they
wanted to sign this deal in the Iranians
knew it and so yeah I think that that
justified saying no we're gonna redraw
this and even the EU which has been
clinging to the the old agreement even
the EU says well yeah we we could
improve it we could make it better but
there's no if you just keep things as
they were there's no incentive for the
Iranian regime to to make any
concessions or improve it so the point
being is we're going we're trying to
force them back to the negotiating table
and again given that their self-interest
is to stay in power and and remain in
charge then you know if with the economy
and the condition that it's in currently
if it gets much worse and they feel as
if they're losing a grip on the
population then I suspect they will come
there then I kind of lash out that Iran
doesn't want it nobody wants a military
conflict we don't want it they don't
want it yeah yeah oh yeah can they close
the Strait of Hormuz you know where you
know depending on who you're talking to
a fifth of the world's oil passes
through or yeah they could close the
temporarily I caused some friction but
they don't have the ability to shut down
for any any real period of time we've
just got too much in terms of leverage
over there and our assets and so yeah I
you know who knows but I I'm one of
those people that says you know we we
shouldn't have done that deal until we
got it right and just saying it we got a
deal for the sake of it because you had
partial verification doesn't give you
anything we've had partial verification
of their programs for decades and they
just keep advancing their program so do
you think this criticism of backing out
of the deal that you're hearing from
Democrats is basically just a criticism
of Trump to show an opportunity to yeah
everything's icarus I think everything
is a criticism of Trump is that a
problem because Trump is such a polemic
figure because he's so many people just
hate him that any opportunity to have
some sort of political talking point
against him sort of confuses what the
actual issue is itself yeah I mean I
think it's no doubt he's yeah I I think
what happens is both sides we lose in
this one because the Democrats just sort
of blindly you know accuse him of
everything's bad right and no matter
what he's doing a matter what policy is
it's all bad right and so so that's not
what you want to be and on the
Republican side you know you tend to
think that that's the case and so you
know you don't have an honest
intelligent discussion of the landscape
right and so you again you were sitting
in trenches throwing hand grenades there
it's a world war one right and nobody's
gonna get out and venture into no-man's
land in the center nobody's living in
the center anymore so I just think
everybody it's a disservice to everybody
but yes I think almost things that come
out of Capitol Hill right now is based
on on you know but my here's an example
my daughter went she just got out of
grad school and she's done a number of
internship she's worked over in Asia
she's been in China on internships and
she's you know smart kid I'm subjective
smart kid but she went for a job up in
Capitol Hill and it was not a direct
hire meaning that office had to go
through the the other offices to get
approval to hire an individual to fill
this position and because the house is
controlled by Democrats now she was
everybody looked and said yeah she's a
top candidate we want to offer the job
well what happened was they submitted
her details we want to hire this person
to this office within the Capitol Hill
controlled by the Democrats now because
it's a House Majority and they came back
and said no because you know why because
she did an internship in the current
administration right so a young person
wanting to work in DC in policy and and
and security studies and elsewhere doing
a variety of internships
around the globe does an internship at
the White House normally you would think
that's a good thing right but so they
said no because she did this internship
at the White House we're not going to
approve the hiring and then it turns
well she did an internship and Bill de
Blasio's office - right and so they said
that and the response was we don't like
him either
which I think was that actually provided
some humor right through the whole
situation but it shows you not I mean
that's that that's a little tiny thing
it's a personal issue but but it shows
you Washington DC is possibly the most
dysfunctional location in all of North
America
that's terrible yeah and it's in its and
it's not the way it should be we should
be able to have policy discussions we
should be able to make decisions you may
not like Trump you may not have liked
the previous president but you know
again we got to stop this bullshit where
everybody's a racist everybody's a
sexist everybody's a you it's not the
way this country supposed to work and
people you know you can't even get away
from him okay who's at fault everybody's
at fault right well we're the left are
all guilty of creating this divisive
mess what is this the cure to outrage
culture I mean how do you get past us
that's the real question right I mean
what is the I don't see a map and I was
going to ask you this about foreign
policy because as a guy who has been
involved the CIA for as long as you have
and has seen all the inner workings of
government and all the conflict and did
you ever feel like you just were just
running up of 70 degree sand dune that
you're never gonna get to the top of you
know I mean it sounds like it never ends
and you're just basically trying to like
oh there's another hole in the dike let
me put my finger in this one Oh up water
is coming out of this one let me get my
finger in this one and it never ends
yeah you're right running up the sand
dune that's a good that's a good analogy
it seems like a million mile high sand
dune yeah and it is like it is it's
always looked dc's always been divisive
politics have always created the
division the press has always been
biased in one way or another you know
these things aren't new but and we
always tend to think it's the worst
we've ever seen it look the civil war
was pretty bad that was pretty divisive
so yeah so when you have a politician
like like I think was Joe Biden right
that said that the president is is the
most
you know racist you know president we've
ever had and you think well I don't know
slaves exactly 12 presidents own slaves
I think that might have been a problem
but you know so so and or the race
relations are the worst they've ever
been and you think yeah how about the
60s that was pretty bad right and in the
Civil War and I think so every time is
yeah I know and and and but I guess my
point being is that you know you can you
can fall into that trap where you think
it's it's as bad as it's ever been
it's I think it's fair to say that it is
more polarizing now than in recent times
and how do we walk it back how do we
dial it down a little bit and how do we
actually focus on what's important for a
general population there's a lot of big
issues we should be solving right I mean
but look at the insanity of when we talk
about health care right it's right it's
like oh it's got to be all this or it's
got to be all that nobody's over in the
middle saying well you know you could
take a little bit of this and that and
again how do you walk that back it's way
above my pay grade I hunkered down in
Idaho and I'd go fishing and I don't
think about it I don't see any solution
that anybody has it makes any sense and
that's one of the things that terrifies
me and I don't want to just step away I
don't want to be that guy that moves to
fucking Idaho North Saskatoon yeah
Edmonton yeah but I mean it's like what
we doing in Edmonton UFC oh oh you did
River Creek it's you know yeah it's um I
just feel like there's no real general
solution nor is there a map of a
potential solution and in I mean and if
we get a Democrat in the White House
it's not gonna end remember when Obama
was in office they were mad that he wore
a gray suit or a chance there's a tan
suit making fun of his suit the fuck you
care yes this is all you care about it's
like this polarization the Fox News
versus MSNBC polarization yeah that
doesn't help anybody and it's fuck it's
so bananas that if you have a podcast
like mine and I have a left wing person
on Imus
if I have a right-wing person on yeah
I'm a Nazi yeah and it just goes back
and forth you can't even talk to people
anymore which is no now if it comes down
to you can't have policy differences
anymore right it's got to be some
personal animus that you've got towards
that other individual which is its again
is is is horseshit you can have policy
differences with with people and that
doesn't make you a bad person it doesn't
make you you know they sure those are
the races of course I friggin races out
there right but that's we've lost them
the meaning of the term when you just
start hurling that around at anybody you
disagree with right or well when people
say well if you like Trump you're a
racist
right well well congratulations you're
probably driving those people to
definitely vote for them in 2020 that is
absolutely fact that's one thing that I
completely agree with you on that I
think that this idea that everybody who
supports Trump is racist it makes those
people so angry that they just want to
go okay
I'm gonna well you're obviously nuts I
can't I can't be on your side you people
are crazy you want to open up the
borders and you want to take all the
money from the everybody that's a
hard-working American give it to all the
poor people and fuck you and it's like
the arguments just get so confused
yeah I know I don't know where it's I
mean if you think about who who might
win you know I don't think Joe Biden's
gonna last I think they're gonna eat him
alive it's not yeah it should be I think
Bernie and Kamala Harris and Tulsi
Gabbard those are the ones only ones
that makes Tulsi make sense to me she's
a veteran congresswoman for six years
she seems incredibly honest and and
morals and her ethics are on point I
like her she's my favorite but if the
the left is going to have someone
they're gonna have to be able to deal
with Trump's insults yeah I'm gonna be
able to debate him and that's where they
all fall apart because they're trying to
use that old model of politics and he's
not doing that he's a showman and I
think what's happening is that the Pope
that you looked at the people that count
in this in the primary or you know
that's a completely different bag right
then what goes on in the general and I
think the people that are in the primary
right now all those people are gonna be
voting in the primary
they're watching like these debates as
an example or they're just watching the
daily tweeter Twitter feed from these
people the candidates and they're
thinking can I see this person debating
Trump right right and so the not only
are the policies that these candidates
are spouting are moving further and
further to the left which is gonna make
it harder when the general election
comes to shift to the center they're not
gonna be able to do it right that Center
is now shifted further to the left if
they even make the effort to get back
there but you know you're getting sort
of like the worst instincts coming out
from these candidates because they think
well I got a show that I can throw a
firebomb here because they're looking at
me was you know can I debate Trump right
and so you're gonna you're gonna get
somebody who's not so I don't think
Tulsi gabbard's gonna make it because I
think they're gonna make that
calculation I think that you're probably
gonna look in there you're gonna end up
with with Harris or maybe Warren Warren
yeah I don't know I mean American think
you would think so right you would think
so Harvard actually touted her in some
of their literature when they were
talking about their diversity efforts
over the years there's actually
documents where Harvard was saying you
know and we hired you know first Native
American you know professor and you're
thinking as a statistic I'm 200 times
more African than she is Native American
about basically Africa are yeah yeah I
didn't know that one point six percent
one point six percent from where we know
23andme it's a whole kind someone from
that continent fucked one of my
ancestors what if you find out in South
Africa though and it's not quite yeah
it's interesting
yeah well that's more Bohr yeah yeah I
haven't done that you know my daughter
did it and I have not done that I had
actually had a conversation the other
day about this whole thing about the
desire to know your ancestry and
everything and I my dad came over never
talked about his background never talked
about his family
CIA dad yeah but they keep his mouth
shut
and so he never he never demonstrated
that interest right and so therefore I
don't think I've ever been I've never
just been that focused on it everything
was in the air that I knew was in there
mostly Italian a little bit of Irish but
some weird shit like 1% Asian I thought
that was odd to any Scottish no it's
always a lot of Scottish floating around
out there like the fuck yeah that's
right they get out you can get out yeah
yeah I don't know I don't know where
it's all going but I do think that
Warren
could be viewed no I don't I don't like
her study but I think that she well she
I think the base looks at her and thinks
yeah she could be a firebrand after that
whole Native American thing she built
her career in a lie they don't care
that's the problem America cares
you can't look past that the same way
you couldn't look past Hillary being a
liar yeah Hillary tried to say that her
name came from Edmund Hillary the guy
who climbed Mount Everest meanwhile he
climbed Mount Everest three years after
she was born but you know what he was
still quite the character before so
we're still throwing that name around
yeah but more than three years yeah yeah
after she was born
might have been seven years yeah but you
think it won't be I don't think it'll be
Bernie I don't think you know why not
Wow John democratic socialism why taste
so much you go up to Vermont and look
around for menthe and see what kind of
job Bernie's done and how about people
did you did you just pretty judge they
fucking hate him in his own City Oh
judge it mayor Pete they're pissed at
him and South Bend they would form a
ticket with DeBlasio that'd be a
powerful wearing a oral ticket right
there
there's no one person that stands out
there's no one person that like stands
out as someone who's gonna win you know
everyone's like Oh could this person
make it to that person make it and then
there's people that want a challenge
Trump which is hilarious well I think
that's gonna be we're gonna lose a lot
of these folks after this next round of
debates which I guess tonight and
tomorrow night I think there's a it's
not an A and a B card but there's two
nights of two nights of the maids cuz
there's so many bouts did you see the
back heel fight yes yeah yeah Rob's
Thurman in the first round no sermons a
beast to man that's crazy it was it was
that was a great
moment and then it was it was a
interesting fight and I thought I I
wasn't quite sure at the end where I was
gonna go but I liked I've watched patio
over the years and I did there was it's
kind of that typical you know you get
older and you're kind of rooting for the
old guy right he's compatible forty
years old he's the oldest man to ever
capture the welterweight title yeah and
particularly when you consider those
lighter weight classes like form and won
the heavyweight title at 46 which was
crazy
yeah but Pacquiao winning the
welterweight title at 40s fucking good
night working their ass off I mean it
just it was it was it was a good good
fight I really enjoyed that that was the
first time I've really watched a fight
that I really enjoyed
right beginning to end and and I was
with some folks who were who were not
for Pacquiao and I kept looking I'm
thinking okay he's been doing this
forever he's a senator ya know think
about that that's Cruz going back to
work on the budget issues in the
Philippines after the fight that's good
yeah yeah I think you made 10 million on
that I think yeah good yeah good for him
yeah teeth Irma - he made two and a half
got some chatter now Keith how much boy
I love it you may where was in the
audience yeah yeah well that would be
fantastic if they mean I was the time to
do it if Mayweather really wants to do
it but Mayweather might watch that fight
and go yeah cuz the first time they
fought Pacquiao on a blown-out shoulder
then a lot of people were angry there
was actually even talk of a class action
lawsuit against Pacquiao but after the
fight because people had bet on him and
his shoulder was fucked up going he'd
hurt in training and try I think he got
a cortisone shot and said I'm just gonna
try to fight on and then he wound up
getting shoulder surgery and then from
then on after rehab looks fantastic
that's really interesting though the
concept of could you could you push
through a class-action lawsuit with an
athlete who is in that position I mean
yeah where does that go I mean then if
you're playing hurt I mean you're in the
NFL and you're playing hurt do you have
any obligation no I mean I know it's
interesting well you have C fighters
fight hurt all the time I know for a
fact guys fight with blown out ACLs and
torn hamstrings and they just listen
they get to that point they think I
think I can still win and some of them
still win tomorrow Uman won the title
with a broken foot he broke his foot in
training and
he was literally on crutches the week of
the fight and then the guy gets to the
fight and he's such a fucking animal and
so tough that he fought like there was
nothing wrong with him
and then afterwards revealed that he had
broken his foot it's fucking bananas the
mental toughness that you have to have
to be able to do that for a living and
then you you and when you lose to
somebody with a broken foot yeah that's
yeah yeah yeah it was dominated
dominated tyron woodley which is even
crazier but then Woodley went into that
fight injured as well I mean it's just
the nature of the beast if your job is
to hurt people and break their bodies
you're gonna have to practice breaking
bodies along the way and you're gonna
have to practice it with people that are
trying to break your body and
occasionally that they succeed yeah yeah
no rough business
yeah come come to an event actually I
would like to do that Anaheim in a
couple of weeks you should come to that
one it's a big one Daniel Cormier is
fighting steep a Miocic okay for the
heavyweight title in a couple of weeks
yeah Nate Diaz is fighting Anthony
Pettis that's a crazy fight and Paulo
Costa is fighting Yoel Romero with two
or three rather epic fights
listen I'm praying no one gets injured
yeah you know what I gave brings scooter
scooter like rings yeah he likes that
come on down man yeah set it up you know
what I'll follow up on I will do it and
tell me when your show comes out so I
could let that let the people know maybe
you can come back on again whenever it
actually if you wouldn't mind I once
they give me the go-ahead because
apparently I'm prescribed from talking
about it but when they give me the
go-ahead you won't be able to get to
shut up alright just keep talking well
thank you Joe do that thank you sir
Thank You Man good times all right bye
everybody
[Music]
fun times man oh man yeah thank you